Skip to main content
Open Navigation Menu
Glamour logo
Style
Beauty
Entertainment
Search
Style
Beauty
Entertainment
Wellness
Culture
Video
Women of the Year
Close Related Items Drawer

Culture
Allow Aurora Perrineau to Reintroduce Herself
By Mattie Kahn

Entertainment
Here’s Why Kate Middleton and Prince William Haven’t Met Baby Archie Yet
By Christopher Rosa
\#MeToo
Post-Weinstein, These Are the Powerful Men Facing Sexual Harassment Allegations
100 Slides
Sexual harassment in the workplace is certainly nothing new, but it’s safe to say the issue is now, rightfully, taking center stage.

By Glamour
May 18, 2019
Every Powerful Man Facing Sexual Harassment Allegations
After The New York Times published an explosive report in October 2017 detailing decades of sexual harassment allegations against Harvey Weinstein, dozens of women came forward with their own accusations against the Hollywood mogul. Within a week Weinstein had been fired from his company and expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

RELATED: The Problem with Privilege and Sexual Assault

Now, in a post-Weinstein world, legions of women have felt empowered to speak out and share their own #MeToo stories—both on social media and in news outlets. The reports against the powerful producer sparked an avalanche of accusations against high-profile men in media, politics, Silicon Valley, and Hollywood, all with varying degrees of repercussions. Sexual harassment in the workplace is certainly nothing new, but it’s safe to say the issue is now, rightfully, taking center stage.

Here, a list of the high-profile men who have been accused of sexual harassment, assault, and/or misconduct since the Weinstein story broke, which we’ll keep updating as new allegations surface.

 Tony Robbins attends the Build Series
Matthew Eisman/Getty Images
1/100
Tony Robbins
On May 17, 2019, BuzzFeed News published a yearlong investigation into famous self-help guru Tony Robbins in which former female fans and employees accused him of inappropriate sexual advances.

BuzzFeed spoke to two former followers turned employees who signed statements swearing under oath that they felt he had sexually harassed them by repeatedly pursuing them after they made clear they weren’t interested. In addition, two other women who worked as his assistants said Robbins expected them to work alone with him when he was naked in his hotel room or in the shower. Another woman said she was fired after having a consensual sexual relationship with Robbins. The women's allegations reportedly stem from incidents in the nineties and early aughts.

The report also including accusations that Robbins berated victims of abuse during self-help sessions and was based on leaked recordings, internal documents, and dozens of interviews. “She’s fucking using all this stuff to try and control men,” he reportedly said after one woman said she had been raped. In 2018 another woman said her husband was physically violent and emotionally abusive. BuzzFeed reports that Robbins then accused her of “lying” and asked, “Does he put up with you when you’ve been a crazy bitch?”

His Response:

Robbins published an open letter on Medium to address the allegations, saying that the BuzzFeed investigation was "intended to disparage me personally, my family, my life’s work, and the efforts of the millions of individuals around the globe who have taken this journey with me over the last 40-plus years."

"Let me be clear, while my open-classroom therapeutic methods are not for everyone, and while I am on my best day still only an imperfect human being, I have never behaved in the reckless, irresponsible, or malicious manner intimated by false, unfounded, and incendiary allegations suggested by BuzzFeed storytellers," he continued. "Several individuals have contacted us to let us know that you attempted to manipulate their testimony and, in some cases, even ignored their legal counsel when they pointed out inaccuracies and mischaracterizations of their client’s personal accounts at the hands of your reporters. Why didn’t you listen to what these individuals had to say and instead choose to proceed with inverted truths as your central narrative?"

BuzzFeed denies Robbins' claims about its reporting. In a statement to NBC News the website said it was “based on records of Mr. Robbins berating victims of rape and domestic violence, and the testimony of former staffers and followers who accused him of inappropriate sexual advances.”

“It does not appear that Mr. Robbins read the story itself before he published his open letter, which contains a number of demonstrably false and defamatory claims about both our reporting and the resulting article,” the statement said.

The fallout:

How these allegations will affect Robbins' global self-help business are, as yet, unknown.

Head coach Luke Walton of the Los Angeles Lakers looks on from the sideline in the first half of a NBA game.
Gene Sweeney Jr./Getty Images
2/100
Luke Walton
Luke Walton, a former NBA player and recently named coach of the Sacramento Kings, has been accused of sexual assault by Kelli Tennant, a former sports reporter, over an incident that happened in 2014. Tennant says that Walton (at the time an assistant coach with the Golden State Warriors) forced himself on her in a Santa Monica, California, hotel room. According to CNN, she has filed a lawsuit in California, alleging that she suffered physical injuries and emotional distress.

Tennant says she first met Walton at a volleyball tournament he attended with his now wife 10 years ago and then became better acquainted with him in 2013, when she was working as a reporter covering the Los Angeles Lakers and he was an analyst for the team on television. (Walton went on to serve as the Lakers head coach but was fired at the end of this season prior to the allegations against him becoming public.) She says he became a friend and mentor, so much so that she asked him to write the forward for a book she was working on. Tennant claims that she got back in touch with Walton after he joined the Warriors and was in town with his new team so that she could give him a copy of the book as a thank-you.

In the lawsuit she says that Walton said they needed to go to his room because he didn't want to be seen in the lobby with his team's players. She was hesitant but agreed. In the room, Tennant says, Walton got on top of her, pinned her to the bed, kissed her against her will, and rubbed his erection on her. She also alleges that he laughed as she repeatedly asked him to stop.

As for why she didn't come forward sooner? Tennant says she was afraid. "When someone assaults you and you think you're going to be raped, coming forward is a scary thing," she said. "And I have spent years now dealing with this, trying to forget about it, hoping that I could push it to the side and bury it and hoping that time would heal. And that was not the case. And I feel like over this time, I was able to muster up the courage and have enough conversations with [my attorney Garo Mardirossian] where I felt comfortable to talk about this."

His Response:

Walton's attorney, Mark Baute, called the allegations "baseless" in a statement to CNN. "The accuser is an opportunist, not a victim, and her claim is not credible. We intend to prove this in a courtroom," he said.

The Fallout:

A number of NBA teams with connections to Walton have released statements on the matter.

The Sacramento Kings: "We are aware of the report and are gathering additional information. We have no further comment at this time."

The Los Angeles Lakers: "This alleged incident took place before Luke Walton was the head coach of the Los Angeles Lakers. At no time before or during his employment here was this allegation reported to the Lakers. If it had been, we would have immediately commenced an investigation and notified the NBA. Since Luke Walton is now under contract to another team, we will have no further comment."

The Golden State Warriors: "We became aware of the alleged incident and story this evening and are in the process of seeking more information. We’ll have no further comment at this time."

Director Bryan Singer has faced accusations of sexual misconduct involving minors since 1997 when the parents of an...
Jason LaVeris
3/100
Bryan Singer
Director Bryan Singer has faced accusations of sexual misconduct involving minors since 1997, when the parents of an underage extra sued him for filming their son and other boys on the set of the movie Apt Pupil. Model Michael Egan sued him for sexual assault of a minor in 2014 (the case was withdrawn), and an anonymous plaintiff sued him for sexual assault in 2014 (that case was dismissed). In 2017 Cesar Sanchez-Guzman filed a lawsuit in Washington and alleged that Singer had raped him when he was a teenager.

Allegations against Singer have surfaced amid the MeToo movement and gained more attention after he was fired from directing the film Bohemian Rhapsody. On January 23 The Atlantic published a lengthy article in which four men detail abuse and assault at the hands of the director.

His response:

The article in The Atlantic was originally going to appear in Esquire. Ahead of the piece, Singer released a statement on Instagram. “I have known for some time that Esquire magazine may publish a negative article about me,” he wrote. “They have contacted my friends, colleagues, and people I don’t even know. In today’s climate where people’s careers are being harmed by mere accusations, what Esquire is attempting to do is a reckless disregard for the truth, making assumptions that are fictional and irresponsible.”

When The Atlantic asked for comment, Singer's legal representative Andrew Brettler said that Singer "has never been arrested for or charged with any crime" and that he "categorically denies ever having sex with, or a preference for, underage men."

The fallout:

Although 20th Century Fox fired Singer from Bohemian Rhapsody and replaced him with Dexter Fletcher, sources have said the reason had to do with Singer's unexplained absences on set. He still remains listed as the director of the Freddie Mercury biopic and recently secured a high-profile job remaking the film Red Sonja.

Chris Brown's record is filled with accusations of domestic violence and aggression toward women. In 2009 he attacked...
Kevin Winter
4/100
Chris Brown
Chris Brown's record is filled with accusations of domestic violence and aggression toward women. In 2009 he attacked then girlfriend and global pop star Rihanna. Brown eventually pleaded guilty to one count of felony assault, but more women have come forward with claims of violence since then. In 2016 he was arrested after a woman claimed he threatened her with a gun in his home. (Brown posted bail and his lawyer insisted that he had no guns at home.) In 2017 a judge granted Brown's ex-girlfriend, the actress Karrueche Tran, a restraining order after she reported claims of abuse and threats. In 2018 another woman sued him after she claimed he held her against her will at his home in Los Angeles house while a friend raped her. Brown has faced legal trouble for multiple other fights and violent altercations as well.

In January 2019 a woman came forward in France and claimed that she met Brown at a nightclub there. According to The New York Times, the woman told police that Brown invited her and several other women to his hotel. Eventually she found herself alone in one of Brown's rooms where, she alleges, Brown, a friend of his, and a bodyguard raped her.

His Response:

While Brown has spoken about some of the incidents he has been involved in, his label has not addressed the allegations in Paris. He took to Instagram however to respond to the woman's claims: "I WANNA MAKE IT PERFECTLY CLEAR…… THIS IS FALSE AND A WHOLE LOT OF CAP [sic]!" he wrote in a post that he has since deleted. A representative tweeted that Brown was released less than 24 hours later and that he planned to sue the woman for her claims against him.

The Fallout:

Police held Brown and questioned him over the most recent accusations, but released him on January 22. The investigation into the women's claims is ongoing.

In June 2018 Sil Lai Abrams' accusations against Extra television cohost A.J. Calloway first became widely known via a...
Slaven Vlasic
5/100
A.J. Calloway
In June 2018, Sil Lai Abrams' accusations against Extra television cohost A.J. Calloway first became widely known via a piece in The Hollywood Reporter. Though Abrams had planned to tell her story during an MSNBC segment with Joy Reid, that segment never aired. She says that in 2006 Calloway exposed himself to her in a car, tried to kiss her, and masturbated in front of her. (The publication confirmed that Abrams told two friends about the incident at the time.)

She reported the incident to the police and was granted an order of protection. But the case was eventually dismissed. Calloway denied her allegations, saying, "I was disappointed to read the false allegations about me in The Hollywood Reporter. As I have maintained from the beginning, these allegations are not true. When I was first notified about these allegations by law enforcement more than a decade ago, I fully cooperated from the beginning and the case was dismissed."

Now two more women have come forward to The Daily Beast with allegations about Calloway's behavior. One, who asked to remain anonymous, says that she went to police in West Orange, New Jersey, on December 24 with her claim of sexual assault. (While the report was confirmed, the police could not release more details due to the nature of the case.) Another woman, also anonymous, told the publication, "I’m terrified about coming forward. I don’t want it to affect my future, everything that I’ve worked hard for—and A.J. is someone that would try to do that." She alleges that while making out with Calloway, he tried to force himself on her when she protested. "I just remember him pulling his penis out and he began stroking himself and he kept trying to put my hand on his penis and eventually he ejaculated on my hands."

His response:

Calloway has yet to respond to the newest allegations.

The fallout:

TBD.

Neil DeGrasse Tyson at Onward Conference 2018
Craig Barritt
6/100
Neil deGrasse Tyson
Atrophysicist and Cosmos host Neil deGrasse Tyson is the subject of investigation by Fox Broadcasting Company and National Geographic after three women—Tchiya Amet, Katelyn Allers, and Ashley Watson—have come forward with allegations of sexual misconduct. The latter women's accusations were published on November 29 by writer David McAfee on Patheos; Amet's allegations were published on the same website by McAfee in 2017.

“We have only just become aware of the recent allegations regarding Neil deGrasse Tyson,” Fox and National Geographic said in a statement issued on Friday, November 30. “We take these matters very seriously and we are reviewing the recent reports.”

In 2014 Amet alleged that, in the 1980s, Tyson drugged and raped her while they were friends at University of Texas at Austin. Allers, a professor at Bucknell University, told writer David McAfee that Tyson inappropriately touched her in 2009. Watson worked as Tyson’s assistant and quit after various instances of alleged sexual harassment.

His response:

Tyson has not yet issued a statement.

The fallout:

TBD.

In September 2018 Palo Alto University professor Christine Blasey Ford came forward with an allegation of sexual assault...
Win McNamee/Getty Images
7/100
Brett Kavanaugh
In September 2018, Palo Alto University professor Christine Blasey Ford came forward with an allegation of sexual assault against Brett Kavanaugh, the conservative D.C. judge whom President Donald Trump had previously chosen to replace the retiring Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy. In her accusation, Ford stated that, while in high school in the early 1980s, Kavanaugh had drunkenly groped her at a party, attempted to forcibly remove her clothes and covered her mouth when she attempted to scream.

Ford's decision to go public with the accusation followed a letter the college professor had previously written and addressed to Senator Dianne Feinstein in confidence earlier this summer; the letter included a detailed account of the alleged attack, information Ford felt was "relevant in evaluating" Kavanaugh, "the current nominee to the Supreme Court."

After Ford's accusation made headlines, Senate Democrats began investigating a second claim of sexual misconduct against Kavanaugh, this time made by Deborah Ramirez and dating back to when Kavanaugh was a freshman at Yale University. According to Ramirez, who was also a student at Yale during the 1983–84 academic school year, Kavanaugh had drunkenly exposed himself to her at a dormitory party, causing her to touch his penis without her consent as she pushed him away. Ramirez is now calling for the F.B.I. to investigate Kavanaugh’s role in the incident, telling The New Yorker: “I would think an F.B.I. investigation would be warranted."

Following Ramirez's claims, a third woman, Julie Swetnick, also came forward with an account against Kavanaugh, alleging the Supreme Court nominee was “present” when she was raped at a high school party.

His Response:

Kavanaugh has emphatically denied these accusations throughout. Appearing on Fox's The Story With Martha MacCallum alongside his wife on September 24, the Supreme Court nominee addressed the claims of sexual misconduct, defending himself and asserting the allegations could not be true because he was, he claims, still a virgin during his time at Georgetown Prep high school.

"I never sexually assaulted anyone, not in high school, not ever," he told MacCallum. "I did not have sexual intercourse or anything close to sexual intercourse in high school or for many years thereafter," he continued. "The girls from the schools I went to and I were friends."

When MacCallum pressed him about whether he was truly a virgin throughout all the years in question, Kavanaugh replied, "That’s correct," reaffirming that he did not have sex until "many years after" graduating college.

In response to The New Yorker's profile on Kavanaugh's second accuser, the Supreme Court nominee again denied the claims, telling the magazine: “This alleged event from 35 years ago did not happen. The people who knew me then know that this did not happen, and have said so. This is a smear, plain and simple.”

The Fallout:

On September 22,, The New York Times reported that Ford had reached an agreement with the Senate Judiciary Committee to appear before them on Thursday, September 27, to hear her testimony. Explained Ford's lawyers in a statement: “Despite actual threats to her safety and her life, Dr. Ford believes it is important for senators to hear directly from her about the sexual assault committed against her."

When Thursday arrived, millions of Americans watched as psychology professor Christine Blasey Ford and President Trump's Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh testified separately in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee, with Ford sharing an emotional account of the alleged assault, and Kavanaugh vehemently denying its occurrence.

“I was pushed onto the bed and Brett got on top of me," Ford told the committee in her harrowing account of the night in question. "I believed he was going to rape me."

The hearing, which took nearly the entire day, followed a line of questioning by Judiciary Committee members toward both Ford and Kavanaugh, respectively, crafted to determine whether or not Kavanaugh should, given Ford's allegations, in fact be a viable candidate for Supreme Court justice. In Kavanaugh's testimony, he said, of Ford's assault charge: "I've never done this. It's not who I am. I am innocent."

Thus far, President Donald Trump has stood by his endorsement of Kavanaugh, taking to Twitter on the day of the committee hearing to double down on his nomination, writing: “Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him. His testimony was powerful, honest, and riveting. Democrats’ search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay, obstruct, and resist. The Senate must vote!"

Previously, in a statement to CNN, White House spokesperson Kerri Kupec said, "This 35-year-old, uncorroborated claim is the latest in a coordinated smear campaign by the Democrats designed to tear down a good man. This claim is denied by all who were said to be present and is wholly inconsistent with what many women and men who knew Judge Kavanaugh at the time in college say. The White House stands firmly behind Judge Kavanaugh."

On Friday, September 28, the Senate Judiciary Committee reconvened to vote on Kavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme Court. A full Senate vote ultimately occurred on October 6, wherein senators voted 50-48 to endorse a lifetime seat on the court for Kavanaugh. He now sits as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.

Pool
8/100
Les Moonves
Six women have accused Les Moonves, the chief executive of the CBS Corporation, of sexual harassment and assault. On Friday, The New Yorker published an investigative report that brought these women's allegations to light. In the wake of the article, CBS shares fell by more than 6 percent, according to The New York Times.

On September 9, The New Yorker reported that six additional women are alleging that Moonves sexually assaulted or sexually harassed them between the 1980s and early 2000s.

His Response:

“I recognize that there were times decades ago when I may have made some women uncomfortable by making advances," Moonves said in a statement published in the original New Yorker article. "Those were mistakes, and I regret them immensely. But I always understood and respected—and abided by the principle—that ‘no’ means ‘no,’ and I have never misused my position to harm or hinder anyone’s career.”

In response to the September 9 allegations, Moonves acknowledged three of the encounters (he declined to specify which) but maintains they were consensual. "In my 40 years of work, I have never before heard of such disturbing accusations. I can only surmise they are surfacing now for the first time, decades later, as part of a concerted effort by others to destroy my name, my reputation, and my career. Anyone who knows me knows that the person described in this article is not me," he wrote. CBS Corporation and CBS' board of directors both reiterated their commitment to taking the allegations seriously and continuing the "thorough" and "ongoing" investigation.

The Fallout:

CBS's board released a statement to The New York Times saying that they would take the claims "seriously," and that, “upon the conclusion of that investigation, which involves recently reported allegations that go back several decades, the board will promptly review the findings and take appropriate action."

During a meeting on July 30, the board signaled it would not take immediate action against Moonves, allowing him to remain as CEO of the company. According to The New York Times, CBS said it was “in the process of selecting outside counsel to conduct an independent investigation" but that "no other action was taken on this matter at today’s board meeting," ending speculation that Moonves would face consequences after the allegations.

In August, CBS said it would fold the results of Moonves' investigation into its investigation of Charlie Rose, who is also accused of sexual harassment.

On September 9, CBS announced via press release that Moonves would be resigning and that $20 million from any severance Moonves would otherwise receive would instead be donated "immediately" to "one or more organizations that support the #MeToo movement and equality for women in the workplace."

On December 17, CBS announced that it had completed an investigation of Moonves, CBS News, cultural issues at the network. "With regard to Mr. Moonves, we have determined that there are grounds to terminate for cause, including his willful and material misfeasance, violation of Company policies and breach of his employment contract, as well as his willful failure to cooperate fully with the Company’s investigation," the company said in a statement. "Mr. Moonves will not receive any severance payment from the Company."

The investigation also found that harassment issues were not pervasive at the network "past incidents of improper and unprofessional conduct, and concluded that the Company’s historical policies, practices and structures have not reflected a high institutional priority on preventing harassment and retaliation." The Board of Directors says it is already taking measures to improve the working environment for all employees.

On June 13 2018 a Los Angeles District Attorney spokesman said that the office was reviewing a sex crime case against...
Gilbert Carrasquillo
9/100
Sylvester Stallone
On June 13, 2018, a Los Angeles District Attorney spokesman said that the office was "reviewing a sex crime case" against actor Sylvester Stallone, CNN reported. The case was first reported to the Santa Monica Police Department in November 2017 before it was turned over to prosecutors. A lieutenant with Santa Monica's police department said that the alleged incident took place in the 1990s but didn't expand further.

California's statute of limitations for sex crimes was ended in 2016, though that applies only to crimes committed after January 1, 2017, as well as offenses for which the statutes hadn't yet expired by that date.

The case is currently being reviewed by an L.A. County task force.

His Response:

Stallone's attorney told CNN that the actor "categorically denies" the allegations, adding that Stallone and the accuser had a "consensual relationship" in the '80s.

The Fallout:

TBD.

A woman has come forward to accuse comedian Jamie Foxx of slapping her in the face with his penis in 2002 after she...
Santiago Felipe
10/100
Jamie Foxx
A woman has come forward to accuse comedian Jamie Foxx of “slapping her in the face with his penis” in 2002 after she refused his request for oral sex, TMZ reported on June 13, 2018. According to the outlet, she went to the Las Vegas police to report the incident the week before news broke. Although the case remains open, the statue of limitations for such incidents in Nevada reportedly expired after three years.

His Response:

Foxx’s attorney issued a statement to TMZ that was included in TMZ's breaking story: “Jamie emphatically denies that this incident ever occurred, and he will be filing a report with the Las Vegas Police Department against the woman for filing a false police report against him. The first time [Foxx] became aware of this woman’s absurd claims about an incident that supposedly occurred 16 years ago was when TMZ contacted his representatives [Tuesday] about this story.”

The Fallout:

TBD.

Matt Winkelmeyer
11/100
Riff Raff
On May 31, 2018, Australian Eliza Stafford wrote a Facebook post accusing rapper Riff Raff of rape in 2013 while she was backstage at a concert.

"In 2013 I was raped by a man whose stage name is Riff Raff," she wrote. "I was offered a 60ml ‘party’ shot. I took the shot, it was syrup and I immediately asked what it was. Riff Raff and his support act told me that it was codeine and started laughing. I don’t remember anything from that point."

She said she was 19 at the time, adding that she woke up "as Riff Raff was pulling out of [her] and getting into the shower."

His Response:

The rapper denied the allegations in a June 14 Instagram post, saying that "false allegations are the new easy wave for people to lie and quickly get their name in the media."

The Fallout:

Riff Raff's tour of Australia and New Zealand, slated to begin June 1, was cancelled after Stafford's allegations.

Emma McIntyre
12/100
Morgan Freeman
In a CNN report published May 24, 2018, eight different women accused Academy Award-winner Morgan Freeman of inappropriate behavior and harassment. According to the months-long investigation, the women mostly worked in production on Freeman’s films, at his production company Revelations Entertainment, and covered his movies as entertainment journalists.

One woman, who was a production assistant on Freeman's movie Going In Style during the summer of 2015, alleges she dealt with his harassment for several months.

"[He] kept trying to lift up my skirt and asking if I was wearing underwear," she told CNN. "Alan [Arkin] made a comment telling him to stop. Morgan got freaked out and didn't know what to say."

Another woman, who was a senior member of the production staff on a 2012 film, alleged the now-80-year-old actor harassed her and numerous other female employees.

“He did comment on our bodies... We knew that if he was coming by ... not to wear any top that would show our breasts, not to wear anything that would show our bottoms, meaning not wearing clothes that [were] fitted,” she said.

His Response:

On May 24, Freeman issued a short statement to news outlets that was included in an updated version of the CNN report.

“Anyone who knows me or has worked with me knows I am not someone who would intentionally offend or knowingly make anyone feel uneasy. I apologize to anyone who felt uncomfortable or disrespected—that was never my intent.”

On the night of May 25, the actor released a longer statement via his publicist:

“I am devastated that 80 years of my life is at risk of being undermined, in the blink of an eye, by Thursday’s media reports.

All victims of assault and harassment deserve to be heard. And we need to listen to them. But it is not right to equate horrific incidents of sexual assault with misplaced compliments or humor.

I admit that I am someone who feels a need to try to make women–and men–feel appreciated and at ease around me. As a part of that, I would often try to joke with and compliment women, in what I thought was a light-hearted and humorous way.

Clearly I was not always coming across the way I intended. And that is why I apologized Thursday and will continue to apologize to anyone I might have upset, however unintentionally.

But I also want to be clear: I did not create unsafe work environments. I did not assault women. I did not offer employment or advancement in exchange for sex. Any suggestion that I did so is completely false.”

The Fallout:

Visa, the credit card company that features Morgan Freeman’s voice in commercials, announced on May 25 that it will stop airing those commercials.

A spokesman said: “We are aware of the allegations that have been made against Mr. Freeman. At this point, Visa will be suspending our marketing in which the actor is featured.”

The SAG-AFTRA actors union told The Hollywood Reporter on May 24 that it's reconsidering Freeman’s recent Lifetime Achievement award, calling the reports “compelling and devastating.”

On June 13, The Daily Beast reported that Freeman's legal team was stepping down from representing him in legal matters related to CNN.

MTV is investigating allegations of sexual misconduct involving Nev Schulman 33 the host and executive producer of the...
Paul Archuleta
13/100
Nev Schulman
MTV is investigating allegations of sexual misconduct involving Nev Schulman, 33, the host and executive producer of the network's series Catfish, according to a Daily Beast report published May 17, 2018. “We take these allegations very seriously,” an MTV spokesperson told The Daily Beast. “We’re working with Critical Content, our third-party production company, to conduct a thorough investigation.”

His Response:

“I have always been transparent about my life and would always take responsibility for my actions, but these claims are false,” Schulman, who is married and the father of a 17-month-old, told The Daily Beast in a statement.

The Fallout:

The Daily Beast reported in its May 17 article that MTV has temporarily halted production of the series.

On June 5, Insider reported that Schulman's accuser had filed two police reports with the Houston Police Department on May 25.

On June 23, MTV announced that they had found the claims "not credible and without merit" and resumed production of the show.

TMZ reported on May 9 2018 that two women Kristina Buch and Peyton Ackley had filed restraining orders against him and...
Frazer Harrison
14/100
Noel "Detail" Fisher
TMZ reported on May 9, 2018, that two women, Kristina Buch and Peyton Ackley, had filed restraining orders against him and accused him of sexual abuse. Fisher is known for producing and coproducing songs like Beyoncé's “Drunk in Love" and Miguel's “Pineapple Skies." According to TMZ, Buch and Ackley allege that Fisher raped and physically assaulted them. They also said he had forced them to have sex with him in front of other people.

Singers Jessie Reyez and Bebe Rexha accused producer Noel "Detail" Fisher of sexual misconduct on May 10 via Twitter. Reyez and Rexha did not go into detail about their experiences with Fisher, but both linked to the stories about Buch and Ackley on social media and said he had "tried" similar behavior with each of them.

"Glad these women came out," Rexha tweeted. "It's scary. [Fisher] tried to with me, but I literally ran out of that studio. Karma is a bitch."

"One night over six years ago, Noel ‘Detail’ Fisher tried this on me," Reyez wrote on Twitter. "I was lucky and I got out before it got to this. I didn't know what to say or who to tell. I was scared. Fear is a real thing. The girls that came out are brave as hell." Later, on Instagram, she revealed that Fisher had inspired her song "Gatekeeper,", which is an account of a woman being pressured into sex by a music industry insider.

His Response:

Detail has not responded to the allegations against him.

The Fallout:

TMZ reported in its May 9 article that a judge granted Ackley, Buch, and Buch’s sister the order against Fisher, which requires him to stay 100 yards away from the women.

In May 2018 two women came forward to accuse RB icon R. Kelly of sexual abuse. Both women join others who have accused...
Earl Gibson III
15/100
R. Kelly
In May 2018, two women came forward to accuse R&B icon R. Kelly of sexual abuse. Both women join others who have accused Kelly of inappropriate acts: Over the past two decades, he has been sued for reported sexual contact with minors, was accused of making a sex tape with a minor (he was eventually acquitted), and, in the summer of 2017, was the focus of a Buzzfeed report which alleged he’d created a “cult” where women were reportedly “held against their will.” (Kelly has denied all accusations.)

Activists, joined recently by groups like Time’s Up, launched #MuteRKelly back in summer 2017, a campaign to call attention to the allegations against Kelly. Ava DuVernay, Lena Waithe, and John Legend have since tweeted their support for its mission.

In an April 30, 2018, statement, the women of color subcommittee within Time’s Up wrote: “The scars of history make certain that we are not interested in persecuting anyone without just cause. With that said, we demand appropriate investigations and inquiries into the allegations of R. Kelly’s abuse made by women of color and their families for over two decades now.”

On June 14, 2019, R. Kelly's ex-wife, Andrea Kelly, opened up with allegations about domestic abuse by R. Kelly during their 13-year marriage.

In February 2019, two more women also came forward with additional allegations of abuse. At a press conference in New York City, the women said that Kelly had picked them out of the crowd during a 1995 concert in Maryland when they were 15 and 16 years old. He brought them back to his hotel room, where he allegedly tried to get them to engage in a threesome. One of the women left the hotel room, while the other says that Kelly proceeded to have intercourse with her, even though she was too young to consent and had been under the influence of alcohol and marijuana.

His Response:

A rep for R. Kelly released a statement to Variety on April 30: “Kelly supports the pro-women goals of the Time’s Up movement. We understand criticizing a famous artist is a good way to draw attention to those goals—and in this case, it is unjust and off-target.

“We fully support the rights of women to be empowered to make their own choices. Time’s Up has neglected to speak with any of the women who welcome R. Kelly’s support, and it has rushed to judgment without the facts. Soon it will become clear Mr. Kelly is the target of a greedy, conscious and malicious conspiracy to demean him, his family and the women with whom he spends his time.

“Kelly’s music is a part of American and African-American culture that should never—and will never—be silenced. Since America was born, black men and women have been lynched for having sex or for being accused of it. We will vigorously resist this attempted public lynching of a black man who has made extraordinary contributions to our culture.”

On May 23, video emerged of R. Kelly telling a room of male supporters that the #MuteRKelly hashtag was coming "too late."

After Surviving R. Kelly aired in January 2019, Kelly's lawyer went on Good Morning America to address the docuseries. "We know what happened, and we know those things didn't happen," attorney Steven Greenberg said. "The man was not operating a harem, or a sex cult, or holding people hostage or anything like that." When asked if Kelly denies having sexual relations with anyone under the age of consent, Greenberg responded, "yes, he absolutely does."

The Fallout:

Since it launched last summer, #MuteRKelly has led to 10 cancelled R. Kelly concerts. After the BBC released R Kelly: Sex, Girls & Videotapes in March, three people on Kelly’s team—his assistant, his lawyer, and one of his representatives—have departed.

Spotify, which, for a month, banned artists like R. Kelly under a "hateful conduct" policy, began streaming his music again on June 1 following user backlash.

In January 2019, Lifetime premiered a multi-part series called Surviving R. Kelly that chronicled the musician's alleged abuse of minors. Following the show's debut, TMZ reported that the Fulton County District Attorney’s office received phone calls from residents who had watched the first episodes of the series and demanded action. According to TMZ, the DA's office opened an investigation and reportedly reached out to survivors from the TV project. TMZ confirmed that investigators had reached out to Asante McGee, a woman who allegedly escaped R. Kelly's home after she says she suffered mental, physical, and sexual abuse.

Following the release of the Lifetime series, R. Kelly was dropped by his record label, Sony Music. However, his back catalog will remain with the company. Sony Music have yet to comment on the dissolution of their relationship with R. Kelly.

Prosecutors in Illinois began moving toward an indictment in February, relating their charges to a tape that allegedly depicts Kelly engaging in sexual acts with an underage girl, The New Yorker reported. Witnesses have also been called to testify for a grand jury in Chicago, while another grand jury has been assembled in New York.

On February 22, 2019, R. Kelly was charged with 10 counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse. The alleged crimes span from 1998 to 2010 and involve four victims; at least three were minors at the time of the incidents. A judge in Illinois approved a no-bail arrest warrant for Kelly.

Following an April 16 2018 New Yorker essay in which awardwinning writer Junot Daz detailed his experience being...
Andrew Toth
16/100
Junot Díaz
Following an April 16, 2018, New Yorker essay in which award-winning writer Junot Díaz detailed his experience being sexually abused as a child and alluding to "the hurt I caused," women have come forward to accuse him of sexual misconduct and verbal abuse. Author Zinzi Clemmons confronted him in person at the Sydney Writers' Festival on May 4 before posting a series of tweets that detailed how as a grad student, she attended a workshop Diaz led on issues of representation, and says that "he used it as an opportunity to corner and forcibly kiss me."

Author Carmen Maria Machado also took to Twitter on May 4 to write out an account of how Diaz “went off" on her during a Q&A, and author Monica Byrne wrote the same day that Diaz became confrontational with her during a dinner party and shouted the word "rape" in her face multiple times.

Also on May 4, another author, Alisa Valdes, came forward in a blog post with allegations that she'd entered into a relationship with Díaz that devolved into one that was "misogynistic, demeaning, and cruel."

His Response:

Díaz responded to the allegations—though not specifically—on Friday in a May 4 statement to the New York Times via his literary agent. "I take responsibility for my past,” he said. “That is the reason I made the decision to tell the truth of my rape and its damaging aftermath. This conversation is important and must continue. I am listening to and learning from women’s stories in this essential and overdue cultural movement. We must continue to teach all men about consent and boundaries.”

The Fallout:

Díaz withdrew from the Sydney Writers' Festival, the BBC reported on May 5. He also stepped down as Pulitzer chairman, a role he had been elected to in April, although he still remains on the Pulitzer Prize board. On May 10, the Pulitzer board released a statement and said it had authorized an independent review of the allegations made against Díaz. The statement said Díaz welcomed the review and "would cooperate fully with it."

On June 11, three Boston Review editors resigned after the magazine's management said it would keep Díaz on staff.

Oneworld Publications announced on June 15 that it would delay the publication of an upcoming picture book by Díaz.

In a Variety report published April 26 2018 former war reporter Linda Vester accused former NBC news anchor Tom Brokaw...
NBC
17/100
Tom Brokaw
In a Variety report published April 26, 2018, former war reporter Linda Vester accused former NBC news anchor Tom Brokaw of making several unwanted advances toward her in a hotel and in NBC offices in Denver and New York in the 1990s. Vester, who was in her late twenties at the time, alleged Brokaw tried twice to forcibly kiss her, once touched her in a way that made her uncomfortable in front of colleagues, and once came to her hotel room uninvited. Vester provided several diary entries from the time and two friends corroborated events she shared.

“He grabbed me behind my neck and tried to force me to kiss him,” she told Variety of one of the incidents. “I was shocked to feel the amount of force and his full strength on me.” She also suggested she'd kept quiet at the time because of his power at NBC. "He was the most powerful man at the network, and I was the most junior person," she said.

His Response:

Brokaw released a statement to Variety and The Washington Post on April 26 denying the accusations: "I met with Linda Vester on two occasions, both at her request, 23 years ago because she wanted advice with respect to her career at NBC. The meetings were brief, cordial, and appropriate, and despite Linda's allegations, I made no romantic overtures towards her at that time or any other."

The Fallout:

Despite taking special assignments from NBC, Brokaw retired in 2004 and is the latest high-profile NBC figure to face sexual harassment accusations since Matt Lauer. NBC told The Washington Post on April 26 that they were planning to do a "culture assessment" that would involve groups of employees meeting with a facilitator from parent company NBC Universal. These facilitators would gather anonymous feedback to examine NBC's work culture and what prevents employees from coming forward with complaints. The Post also reported the company brought in a sexual harassment training firm to conduct in-person trainings but did not hired an outside firm to investigate incidents, as some companies have done.

Tom Williams
18/100
Blake Farenthold
In December 2017, The Washington Post reported that Texas congressman Blake Farenthold had allegedly used $84,000 from a Treasury Department fund to settle a 2014 lawsuit from his former communications director, Lauren Greene, alleging sexual harassment and gender discrimination.

His Response:

Farenthold has denied Greene's allegations, though he has said he "allowed a workplace culture to take root in my office that was too permissive and decidedly unprofessional."

Following the Post revelation about the settlement, the Republican politician told KRIS-TV on December 4 that he'd pay back the taxpayer money he used to pay for the settlement.

The Fallout:

Farenthold resigned from his role on April 6, 2018, effective that evening. As of June 11, HuffPost reports that he's still not repaid the settlement.

Tommaso Boddi/Getty Images
19/100
John Bailey
John Bailey, the president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, is the subject of three sexual harassment complaints that were all received by the Academy on March 14, 2018. Bailey has been president of the organization since August, and under his oversight the Academy has been responsible for replacing Casey Affleck as a presenter at the Oscars, ousting Harvey Weinstein as a member, and initiating a code of conduct stipulating that members can be disciplined for abuse, discrimination, and harassment.

His Response:

On March 24, Bailey responded to the allegations in a memo sent to staff but obtained by Variety and The Hollywood Reporter. "The media reports describing multiple complaints made to the Academy about me are false and have served only to tarnish my 50-year career," it reads. "The fact that the existence of an allegation even became public thwarts the confidential review process that the Academy adopted and is supposed to follow when receiving complaints."

He cites a "single named complaint" that he says came in more than a decade ago—a woman who accused him of touching her inappropriately—and denied its veracity.

"While I cannot undo the damage of having a false narrative leaked to the press, I expect the committee will undertake its obligation to review this matter faithfully," Bailey's memo continues. "Because I know the facts, I expect they will conclude that there is no basis to take any action against me. While there have been well documented instances of individuals in this industry not treating women with respect, I am not one of them. I care deeply about women’s issues and support equal treatment and access for all individuals working in this profession."

The Fallout:

On March 27, the Academy dismissed allegations against Bailey, leaving him in place as president.

Five women are accusing famed architect Richard Meier of sexual harassment according to a March 13 2018 report in The...
Patrick McMullan/Getty Images
20/100
Richard Meier
Five women are accusing famed architect Richard Meier of sexual harassment, according to a March 13, 2018, report in The New York Times. Four of the women have worked directly for the 83-year-old Meier, and one came into contact with him while he was designing the Getty Center in Los Angeles.

Two of the women told the Times that, during instances over the past 10 years, they had been sent to Meier's apartment only to have him expose himself. Another said he grabbed her underwear through her dress at a holiday party, and a fourth said he asked her to undress and be photographed. The woman in Los Angeles says that in the '80s, she once had to flee his home after he forced her onto a bed.

His Response:

After The New York Times confronted Meier with the allegations, he announced he would be taking a six-month leave of absence from Richard Meier & Partners. He said in a statement: "I am deeply troubled and embarrassed by the accounts of several women who were offended by my words and actions. While our recollections may differ, I sincerely apologize to anyone who was offended by my behavior. I am leaving the company in the hands of a dedicated and outstanding senior management team which has spent the past three decades serving our clients and building our firm’s success.”

The Fallout:

The New York chapter of the American Institute of Architects announced on March 22 that it was rescinding a 2018 design award from Meier and his firm.

PBS NewsHour reported on March 2 2018 that the U.S. Agriculture Department was looking into complaints against Tony...
21/100
Tony Tooke
PBS NewsHour reported on March 2, 2018, that the U.S. Agriculture Department was looking into complaints against Tony Tooke, the then-head of the U.S. Forest Service. (The program's larger investigation, it's worth noting, revealed a broader culture of sexual misconduct and retaliatory action in the agency.) Tooke, who had worked for the Forest Service in numerous capacities over 40 years, was facing allegations of sexual misconduct, specifically having relationships with subordinates, before he took on his role as chief.

His Response:

When asked about the allegations, Tooke issued a comment via email to NewsHour: "I’m in support of this investigation, and I have fully cooperated from the start. I expect to be held to the same standards as every other Forest Service employee."

A spokesperson from Tooke's office sent over a longer statement: "The stories the Forest Service employees shared during the PBS NewsHour piece are important to hear, difficult, and heart-wrenching as they may be. Stories like these, which have come to light over the past few years, have underscored that there are elements of sexual harassment in the Forest Service that have existed and continue today.

While we have taken significant actions over the past several years to address sexual harassment in the Forest Service, we acknowledge that we have more work to do. These are critical issues that the Forest Service must continue to take on to increase our efforts to protect our fellow employees so they know they can speak up and speak out, without any fear of retaliation or reprisal. We continue to consult with outside experts and focus internal resources to help us better support victims of harassment during investigations. Victims must know that there will be accountability for persons who engage in sexual harassment and reprisal. We are committed to our duty to create a workplace that is respectful, rewarding, and above all, a safe place for all employees. The Forest Service is committed to permanently changing our culture to create the workplace we all deserve."

The Fallout:

Tooke resigned from his role on March 7, effective immediately.

Eight women who either worked on Roses eponymous PBS interview program or hoped to work for him spoke out in a November...
Steve Mack
22/100
Charlie Rose
Eight women who either worked on Rose’s eponymous PBS interview program or hoped to work for him spoke out in a November 20, 2017, Washington Post report about "crude sexual advances" made by the news anchor. Occurring between the late 1990s and 2011, the allegations included instances of Rose making obscene phone calls, groping their breasts, genitals, and buttocks, and walking around nude in front of his accusers. The women feared speaking out publicly because of Rose’s prominent status in the media—not just as the host of his own show but as an anchor for CBS This Morning.

On November 22, more women came forward with claims of sexual harassment.

An additional 27 women accused Rose of sexual misconduct in a report published by the Washington Post on May 3, 2018.

His Response:

In a statement to the Post in November 2017, Rose said, “In my 45 years in journalism, I have prided myself on being an advocate for the careers of the women with whom I have worked. Nevertheless, in the past few days, claims have been made about my behavior toward some former female colleagues."

Regarding a lawsuit filed by the three CBS employees in May 2018, Rose's lawyer issued the following statement to the Times: "The claims in the lawsuit filed today against Mr. Rose are without merit."

The Fallout:

Less than a day after the Post published its report in November 2017, CBS announced that Rose had been fired. PBS and Bloomberg also announced that distribution of Charlie Rose had been suspended.

On May 4, 2018, the New York Times reported that three women are suing Rose and CBS.

In August, CBS said it would fold the results of an investigation into Rose's behavior together with its investigation of chairman Les Moonves, who has also been accused of sexual harassment. Rose's investigation, led by the firm Proskauer Rose, is expected to end this August, but there is no set date for the results to be released.

Jeff Franklin the showrunner of Netflix's Fuller House has been fired according to a February 28 2018 report from...
Daniel Zuchnik/WireImage/Getty Images
23/100
Jeff Franklin
Jeff Franklin, the showrunner of Netflix's Fuller House has been fired, according to a February 28, 2018 report from Variety. Additionally, Warner Bros. TV will not be renewing their overall production deal with Franklin stating, "We are not renewing Jeff Franklin’s production deal, and he will no longer be working on Fuller House."

Multiple sources tell Variety that this decision came after complaints about Franklin's behavior in the writers room and on set. While he has not been accused of directly sexually harassing or engaging in physical misconduct with any staffers, there are accusations of him being verbally abusive to staffers and making comments about his sex life.

A Netflix spokesperson said in a statement, “Fuller House will return for a fourth season, as planned. We hope to go into production in the next few months.”

His Response:

A lawyer for Franklin refused to comment to Variety.

The Fallout:

On March 12, Netflix announced they'd named former Fuller House co-executive producers Steve Baldikoski and Bryan Behar to take over as showrunners on the spinoff.

Ryan Seacrests former stylist during his time on E Suzie Hardy has accused the TV and radio host of sexual abuse and...
Axelle/Bauer-Griffin
24/100
Ryan Seacrest
Ryan Seacrest’s former stylist during his time on E!, Suzie Hardy, has accused the TV and radio host of sexual abuse and harassment, according to a November 2017 letter sent to the network and its parent company NBC Universal. The letter was reported by Variety on February 26, 2018. In it, Hardy alleges Seacrest subjected her to abuse including “grinding his erect penis against her while clad only in his underwear, groping her vagina, and at one point slapping her buttock so hard that it left a large welt still visible hours later." A single mother, Hardy claims she endured Seacrest's actions for seven years in order to provide for her daughter. She says she lost her job in 2013 after reporting him to HR. Variety says its team spoke to Hardy and her attorneys on multiple occasions leading up to the story's publication.

Seacrest had actually made this allegation public in November 2017, and E! launched an investigation into his behavior. On February 1, Deadline reported that E! had found "insufficient evidence to support the claims against Seacrest."

His response:

Seacrest’s lawyer, Andrew Baum, told Variety in its February 26, 2018, report that “the accuser threatened to make those false claims against him unless he paid her $15 million.”

Seacrest released a lengthy statement to BuzzFeed News on February 27:

"Much has been said about the #MeToo and Times Up movement(s) and the importance of providing women and men with the opportunity to share their stories of workplace misconduct, in an effort to change our culture and the systemic inequalities that exist. I absolutely support this cause unequivocally and applaud all the brave souls who have come forward to share their stories.

Sadly, last fall I became one of the accused, which I promptly revealed proactively to the network involved and to the public. And to be equally clear, those accusations were then investigated by an independent third-party over the course of a two-month process and involved dozens of interviews that included me, the accused and countless others. Ultimately, my name was cleared. I eagerly participated in the investigation in order to demonstrate my innocence because I know my truth, and I believe in due process.

Yesterday, Variety published a salacious story that revealed the specific claims against me for the first time—even though an independent third-party investigator found insufficient evidence to support the claims. Much to my dismay, Variety didn’t speak with me or bother to speak with other credible witnesses or even ask for any of the evidence that was obtained during the investigation when offered, all of which clearly challenged the veracity of the claims made against me.

This person who has accused me of horrible things offered, on multiple occasions, to withdraw her claims if I paid her millions of dollars. I refused. I have worked extremely hard to achieve my success and I don’t take my opportunities for granted. I don’t want to accuse anyone of not telling the truth but in this case, I have no choice but to again deny the claims against me, remind people that I was recused of any wrongdoing, and put the matter to rest."

The Fallout:

None yet.

According to a February 21 2018 BBC report three female employees had raised concerns in 2015 of inappropriate behavior...
Pacific Press
25/100
Justin Forsyth
According to a February 21, 2018, BBC report, three female employees had raised concerns in 2015 of "inappropriate behavior and comments" from then-Save the Children CEO Justin Forsyth. At the time HR had conducted investigations into the complaints, and the matter was closed after Forsyth apologized to the women.

However, the organization recently found out that "processes had not been followed in every aspect." They announced that they would reopen a review into Forsyth's actions and release a published report in June to examine the culture of the organization.

Just as the allegations resurfaced, Forsyth said on February 22 that he would resign from his then-current position as the deputy executive director of UNICEF.

His Response:

In a statement on the day he announced his resignation, Forsyth said that the allegations of what happened at Save the Children "were dealt with through a proper process many years ago. I apologized unreservedly at the time and face to face. I apologize again."

The Fallout:

As stated, Forsyth resigned as UNICEF deputy executive director on February 22, saying that he was doing so to protect the organizations. "I am resigning because of the danger of damaging both UNICEF and Save the Children and our wider cause," he wrote in a statement. "Two organizations I truly love and cherish. I can't let this happen."

On May 22, it was revealed that Save the Children had failed to inform UNICEF of the investigation into Forsyth's behavior because it hadn't been a "formal disciplinary process."

Guess cofounder and chief creative officer Paul Marciano was accused of sexual harassment in a January 31 2018 tweet...
Venturelli
26/100
Paul Marciano
Guess cofounder and chief creative officer Paul Marciano was accused of sexual harassment in a January 31, 2018, tweet from model Kate Upton. On February 7, in a subsequent interview with Time, Upton accused Marciano of several incidents of sexual harassment, beginning in 2010 on the set of her first photo shoot for Guess. She was 18 at the time.

Upton told Time that Marciano harassed her both verbally and physically until she stopped working with Guess in May 2011, including a moment when he "forcibly grabbed my breasts and started feeling them," then he "continued to touch me in a very dominating and aggressive way, grabbing my thighs, my arms to pull me closer, my shoulders to pull me closer, my neck, my breasts, and smelling me."

His Response:

In a statement to Time published with Upton's interview, Marciano denied her accusations, saying that he had "never been alone with Kate Upton. I have never touched her inappropriately. Nor would I ever refer to a Guess model in such a derogatory manner."

On February 20, after stepping down from relinquishing his day-to-day duties at Guess, Marciano made an additional statement regarding the investigation: "I have pledged my full cooperation to the company, and I have the utmost confidence in our CEO, Victor Herrero, to continue leading the company during this time."

The Fallout:

Along with Marciano’s removal from day-to-day responsibilities at the brand, Guess formed a special committee to investigate the sexual harassment claims against him. In a February 20 statement, a representative for Guess said that "the company takes very seriously any allegations of sexual misconduct, is committed to maintaining a safe work environment, and looks forward to the completion of a thorough investigation of all the facts.”

On June 13, Guess reported that the committee had been unable to corroborate many of the allegations against Marciano, but did add that he had "exercised poor judgement in his communications with models and photographers." Marciano announced he would step down as the company's executive chairman and pay $500,000 in total to five individuals but would stay on the Guess board until 2019.

On February 16 2018 The Boston Globe reported that several models have accused multiple men within the fashion industry...
Ben Gabbe
27/100
Patrick Demarchelier
On February 16, 2018, The Boston Globe reported that several models have accused multiple men within the fashion industry of sexual misconduct, including famed photographer Patrick Demarchelier. Included in the report: allegations that Demarchelier came on to a photo assistant beginning when she was a 19-year-old intern, unwanted sexual advances, including "thrusting a model’s hands onto her genitals and grabbing another model’s breasts, as well as making vulgar propositions." The report also says the photographer allegedly asked a teenage model four years ago “Can I lick your pussy?” and indicated he could make her famous if she said yes. The model detailed the instance to the Globe, saying she said no and left the Paris hotel where her meeting with Demarchelier took place.

His Response:

The 74-year-old has denied the allegations. “People lie and they tell stories,” he told the Globe in its initial report. “It’s ridiculous.”

Demarchelier, who is married, said he has “never, never, never” touched a model inappropriately and called the accusations “pure lying” by models who “get frustrated if they don’t work.”

The Fallout:

Condé Nast, which is the parent company of magazines including Glamour, Vogue, and Vanity Fair, released a statement on February 16 following the Globe article: “We have informed Patrick we will not be working with him for the foreseeable future.”

In October 2017, Condé Nast had released a new Code of Conduct in response to #MeToo and the allegations of misconduct within the fashion industry: "The company expects all employees, freelance contributors, and others that Condé Nast retains to act appropriately and with the utmost personal and professional respect for each other when working on behalf of the company and its brands, advertisers and clients."

The Society of Childrens Book Writers and Illustrators announced per a February 13 2018 BuzzFeed report that the...
David Livingston
28/100
Jay Asher
The Society of Children’s Book Writers and Illustrators announced, per a February 13, 2018, BuzzFeed report, that the organization had expelled Thirteen Reasons Why author Jay Asher, after investigating sexual harassment claims that surfaced against him last year.

“After we investigated, we felt that terminating his membership was the proper course of action,” SCBWI executive director Lin Oliver told BuzzFeed News. “We have always been really sensitive to sexual harassment issues and have a zero-tolerance policy, but clearly our policies haven’t prevented violations, so we’re taking this opportunity to take another look at our guidelines.”

His Response:

Asher told BuzzFeed that he left the organization voluntarily and accused them of throwing him under the bus. “It’s very scary when you know people are just not going to believe you once you open your mouth,” he said. “I feel very conflicted about it just because of what’s going on in the culture and who’s supposed to be believed and who’s not.”

“I understand the predicament they're in with everything going on and to want to protect themselves,” he continued. “I love the organization, but they didn't decide to push me out. It was my decision, even though [Oliver] said the email contained nothing that their organization should have anything to do with.”

The Fallout:

In addition to Asher's expulsion from the Society of Children’s Book Writers and Illustrators, The Oklahoma Writers’ Federation announced that it would not be asking Asher to give a scheduled keynote address at its conference this May.

On January 27 2018 actress Nicole Eggert tweeted Ask ScottBaio what happened in his garage when I was a minor. Creep....
Alex Wong/Getty Images
29/100
Scott Baio
On January 27, 2018, actress Nicole Eggert tweeted, "Ask @ScottBaio what happened in his garage when I was a minor. Creep." The actress—who costarred with Baio on the popular eighties sitcom "Charles in Charge"—then appeared on January 30 on Megyn Kelly Today to further tell her story.

According to Eggert, the sexual abuse started when she was 14, when “we were at his house in his car in his garage, and he reached over and penetrated me with his finger.” Eggert also noted that since Baio was the star of the show there was a power imbalance. She says the abuse occurred "more than 10 times, more like probably once a week."

Asked by Kelly if she was indeed a minor when they first had sex, Eggert replied, "There’s no doubt in my mind. It wasn’t a hold-me-down-rape-me situation, but I was 17… I just wasn’t ready to tell my story... It was upsetting. It wasn’t a good experience at all... It was at my house in my spare bedroom; he laid down a towel and it happened there.”

On February 6, Eggert filed a police report against Baio, claiming sexual abuse of her as a minor. TMZ reports that LAPD detectives interviewed her for about two hours at the office of her attorney, Lisa Bloom. TMZ also says that Eggert was accompanied by a former costar who says he witnessed some of the abuse and that Bloom provided a list of additional witnesses.

On February 14, another of Baio's Charles in Charge co=stars, Alexander Polinsky, accused him of sexual abuse and harassment.

His Response:

In a Facebook post on January 28, Baio wrote: "Nicole Eggert has been claiming I had sex with her before she was 18 at least since 2013. She is provably wrong, and because we have been telling her that since last year without results, our only conclusion is that she is deliberately lying." He goes on to say that, "Only after Nicole Eggert was proven to be dishonest in her 'sex at 17' allegations did she create a new story about sexual contact at an even younger age. For the record, they are false too. But more tellingly, given her years long history of making claims of underage sex, why has she never mentioned this until her primary claim was proven wrong? Why is she unwilling to go to law enforcement with her claims? Is it not clear that this new story is just another false claim to distract you from her earlier lies? Since her goal appears to be publicity, I am not inclined to do additional media on this, but I am holding my options open." He also provided a link to a letter apparently prepared by his attorneys.

A rep for Baio told TMZ on February 6, "We’ve been demanding since last year that Nicole Eggert bring her story to the authorities. It’s good that she finally has, even if it’s part of a publicity campaign. Perhaps she can explain to them her ever-changing story.”

The Fallout:

Baio will not be charged over the allegations Eggert brought forth, according to a May 23 TMZ report. Although the investigating D.A. found her case credible and "potentially prosecutable," the alleged incidences took place outside the statute of limitations. (Eggert's allegations place the incidents in the '80s, when the statute was three years, and the statue ran out before the law changed and the statute was extended.)

"I always knew this case was beyond statutes of limitations and unfortunately the D.A. would not be able to prosecute Scott Baio," Eggert told TMZ. "However I also knew the importance of laying the groundwork for any future victims of Baio’s that may come forward and to warn parents who might unknowingly allow their children to be alone with this molester…. I could no longer keep up the lie he conditioned me into and felt it a Mother’s responsibility to put the truth out there."

Baio, reports TMZ, had no comment.

On January 30 2018 news broke that the Humane Society of the United States was conducting an investigation of sexual...
Leigh Vogel
30/100
Wayne Pacelle
On January 30, 2018, news broke that the Humane Society of the United States was conducting an investigation of sexual harassment charges against then-CEO Wayne Pacelle. On February 2, multiple members of the Human Society staff alleged in a New York Times report that Wayne Pacelle sexually harassed them while he was CEO of the organization for more than a decade. A former intern alleges he forcibly kissed her; another alleges he asked to masturbate in front of her.

His Response:

He denied all allegations on January 30, saying they were part of a "coordinated attempt" against him and the organization.

The Fallout:

The Humane Society eventually found three complaints of sexual harassment against him. However, they voted on February 1 to keep him on, leading seven board members to resign in protest.

On February 2, Pacelle resigned: “I am resigning, effective immediately, to allow that process to move forward expeditiously and to put aside any distractions, in the best interests of all parties,” he wrote in an email to staff.

Vincent Cirrincione
John Shearer/Getty Images
31/100
Vincent Cirrincione
Halle Berry's former manager Vincent Cirrincione has been accused of sexual misconduct by nine women in a February 2, 2018, report by The Washington Post. The women—eight African Americans and one Asian American—say they were up-and-coming actresses looking for representation from Cirrincione when he made unwanted sexual advances to them over a long period of time from 1993 to 2011.

Three of the women claim that he asked for sex in return for managing their careers and that if they refused, he turned them down as well. One alleges that he masturbated in front of her in his office while he was representing her. None of them are making any criminal claims against Cirrincione or sought legal recourse, according to the Post.

Berry told the paper that three years ago she severed ties with her former manager after hearing rumors of misconduct.

His Response:

Cirrincione admitted to having affairs while in committed relationships but denied asking for sexual favors in exchange for representing actresses. In a February 2 statement he said: “We live in a time where men are being confronted with a very real opportunity to take responsibility for their actions. I support this movement wholeheartedly. I have had female clients and employees my entire career in this industry. I have built a reputation for advancing the careers of women of color."

“I have had affairs while in committed relationships, ones I am now ashamed to say are coming to light and shading my past and my reputation. I can say without a doubt that I have never used favors, sexual or otherwise, as a reason for managing anyone. I want to make it clear that not one of those relationships were anything but consensual.

“I take responsibility for my part in the situation, and I am not here to diminish anyone’s feelings or experiences. I apologize to these women, my past and present partner, my clients and employees for the pain this is bringing them. I was under the impression I was living my life as a supportive man to women. It is with a heavy heart that I see now I was wrong.”

The Fallout:

Deadline reported on February 5 that Cirrincione had shuttered his company, Vincent Cirrincione Associates. The same day, Variety reported that Taraji P. Henson, who was a client of Cirrincione's, had cut ties with him.

Client Jussie Smollett publicly severed ties with Cirrincione on February 3.

Charlie Walk 
FOX/Getty Images
32/100
Charlie Walk
Charlie Walk, a music executive who has worked with Lorde and The Weeknd and was then-cohost of the new show The Four, was accused of sexual misconduct in an open letter published on January 29, 2018, by former employee Tristan Coopersmith.

Coopersmith worked with Walk at Sony Music when she was 27 years old. She alleged that, among other behavior, he would call her into his office and "stealthily close the door and make lewd comments about my body and share your fantasies of having sex with me."

She says she reported the behavior to Walk's counterpart and that he was "unsurprised," but that there was nothing he could do about it, except help her exit the company gracefully. "I was paid to keep my mouth shut and my reputation intact. I’m ashamed of that piece but it’s a truthful part of my story," she wrote. "I took that dirty money and moved to L.A."

In a February 22 Rolling Stone report, four more women accused Walk of sexual harassment.

His Response:

In a statement provided to Entertainment Tonight, Walk denied the accusations: "It is very upsetting to learn of this untrue allegation made by someone who worked with me 15 years ago, without incident," he said. "There has never been a single HR claim against me at any time during my 25+ year career, spanning three major companies. I have consistently been a supporter of the women's movement and this is the first time I have ever heard of this or any other allegation—and it is false."

The Fallout:

A spokesperson for Universal Music, which owns Republic Records where Walk was then group president, issued a statement on January 29: "While it appears this blog post relates to the period prior to Mr. Walk’s appointment to his position at Republic Records, we take the allegations very seriously and intend to conduct a full and complete review of this matter."

The same day, a spokesperson for Fox, which airs The Four, said in a statement to Variety that “we have only recently learned of these past allegations regarding Mr. Walk. We are currently reviewing this matter and are committed to fostering a safe environment on all of our shows.”

Variety reported on January 31 that Walk had been placed on leave from Republic Records and that the music label was beginning an independent investigation. The same day, Deadline reported that Walk would not appear in The Four's season finale.

On March 28, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Walk and Republic Records had “mutually agreed to part ways."

On April 14, Fox confirmed to Variety it would bring back The Four sans Walk, who will not be returning.

After actor James Franco won a Golden Globe on January 7 2018 for The Disaster Artist many women  brought up rumors of...
33/100
James Franco
After actor James Franco won a Golden Globe on January 7, 2018, for The Disaster Artist, many women (including actress Ally Sheedy) brought up rumors of sexual misconduct that have surrounded the actor on Twitter. Then, five women came forward in an article for the Los Angeles Times on January 11, accusing Franco of inappropriate and sexually exploitative behavior.

His Response:

Appearing on Stephen Colbert's The Late Show on January 9, Franco said, "Look, in my life, I pride myself on taking responsibility for things that I’ve done. I have to do that to maintain my well-being. I do it whenever I know that there is something wrong or needs to be changed, I make it a point to do it. The things that I heard that were on Twitter are not accurate, but I completely support people coming out and being able to have a voice because they didn’t have a voice for so long. So I don’t want to, you know, shut them down in any way. It’s, I think, a good thing and I support it.”

The Fallout:

Franco will return to HBO for a second season of The Deuce this year: The show's co-creator David Simon said on January 11 that "we have no complainant or complaint or any awareness of any incident of concern involving Mr. Franco. Nor has HBO been approached with any complaint.”

At the end of January, Franco's former high school removed a mural created by the actor, saying it was in "the best interests" of students.

Jim Spellman/WireImage
34/100
Chuck Close
Renowned and highly influential artist Chuck Close was accused of sexual harassment by several women in New York Times and HuffPost articles published in late December 2017. Some of the allegations involve Close asking them to model in his studio before he issued "frankly sexual appeals" or insisting a model take her clothes off when nudity hadn't been previously discussed. According to one account, when a would-be model felt pressured into taking off her clothes, he allegedly wheeled his chair close to her crotch and said her "pussy look[ed] delicious." When she immediately made a move to leave, he allegedly tried to offer her $200.

His Response:

From a statement his lawyer wrote to HuffPost: "[T]he bottom line of all the allegations is that no sexual act ever occurred—in fact, Mr. Close never even touched any of your witnesses. The most that can be said about the allegations against Mr. Close is that he uttered some words (some of which were sexually frank) which are alleged to have offended the sensibilities of these adult individuals…. This does not come close to reaching the level, and would only serve to cheapen the coin, of the terrible misconduct that rightly has been condemned of late."

Close himself issued an apology included in the Times' report: “I’m inviting them to my studio to audition. I don’t have a camera there, so I have to see their bodies—it’s a very expensive process. I’ve never had a complaint in 50 years, not one.”

“Last time I looked, discomfort was not a major offense,” he continued. “I never reduced anyone to tears, no one ever ran out of the place. If I embarrassed anyone or made them feel uncomfortable, I am truly sorry; I didn’t mean to. I acknowledge having a dirty mouth, but we’re all adults.”

The Fallout:

Following the allegations, the National Gallery of Art announced on January 25, 2018, that it was cancelling his upcoming solo show, due to open in May. On January 26, Seattle University also removed one of his paintings from one of its libraries.

Republican National Committee finance chairman Steve Wynn who built his fortune on his casinoresort empire  has been...
Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg via Getty Images
35/100
Steve Wynn
Republican National Committee finance chairman Steve Wynn, who built his fortune on his casino-resort empire (Las Vegas' famous Bellagio is just one of the Wynn Resorts properties), has been accused of sexual abuse by dozens of employees in a report published by The Wall Street Journal on January 26, 2018. Allegations include sexual harassment and sexual assault, according to the report, with women in the organization reporting they built systems to protect each other from his misconduct, including posing as each other's assistants to avoid being alone with him.

His Response:

Wynn denied the allegations in a statement to the WSJ, saying that the "idea that I ever assaulted any women is preposterous. We find ourselves in a world where people can make allegations, regardless of the truth, and a person is left with the choice of weathering insulting publicity or engaging in multiyear lawsuits. It is deplorable for anyone to find themselves in this situation," he continued. He then blamed the slew of allegations on his ex-wife, with whom he's apparently enmeshed in a lawsuit regarding a revised divorce settlement.

The Fallout:

Forbes reported on January 27 that following the WSJ initial story, Wynn's net worth fell by $250 million.

The same day, Wynn resigned as the finance chairman for the Republican National Committee. RNC chair Ronna Romney McDaniel said that she'd accepted Wynn's resignation after speaking with the President about it.

On February 6, Wynn also resigned as chairman and chief executive of his company, Wynn Resorts. In a statement, he said, "I have found myself the focus of an avalanche of negative publicity. As I have reflected upon the environment this has created—one in which a rush to judgment takes precedence over everything else, including the facts—I have reached the conclusion I cannot continue to be effective in my current roles."

On May 16, the chairwoman of an internal Wynn Resorts investigation into Wynn's behavior said more than 100 people had been interviewed and 3 million documents had been reviewed. "We are not going to leave a single stone unturned and we are going to finish our work with the same diligence and energy level that we have been deploying for the last three months," she said.

Marc Grimwade/Getty Images
36/100
David Copperfield
A woman name Brittney Lewis has come forward claiming famed magician David Copperfield drugged and sexually assaulted her in 1988, when she was just 17. She told The Wrap on January 24, 2018, that the incident occurred after a modeling competition in which Copperfield was a judge. He allegedly invited her to one of his shows, where afterward she says that she saw him pour something into her drink which caused her to black out a few minutes later. The Wrap says that she told her best friend, her husband, her ex-husband, and her grandmother about the incident.

Lewis says her memory of the evening is fuzzy but that she says, "I remember my clothes being taken off. He was kissing my face, and then I remember him starting to go down on my body with his face, and then, as soon as he started going down, I just completely blacked out.” She says that she woke up feeling sick the next morning and that, "He wanted to me know that nothing happened because I was underage. He said: ‘I didn’t enter you.'”

His Response:

Copperfield did not reply to The Wrap when asked for comment, but earlier in the day he posted a message on Twitter in which he voiced support for the #MeToo movement but also talked about past false accusations. (He was previously accused in 2007.) Copperfield also asked that people not "rush to judgment" as he "weathers another storm."

The Fallout:

TBD.

Republican Rep. Patrick Meehan of Pennsylvania long known for his work in Congress fighting against sexual harassment...
Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call
37/100
Rep. Patrick Meehan
Republican Rep. Patrick Meehan of Pennsylvania, long known for his work in Congress fighting against sexual harassment, has used taxpayer money to settle his own sexual misconduct complaint, according to The New York Times on January 20, 2018. The allegations were brought by a former aide who says that Meehan pursued her romantically and became hostile when his advances were rejected—ultimately making her job an "untenable" situation.

His Response:

Meehan's spokesperson has denied the allegations on his behalf and called on the aide to "waive" the confidentiality clause in the settlement “to ensure a full and open airing of all the facts.” However, he didn't respond to reporters' questions about why the settlement existed if the allegations were false.

The Fallout:

On January 21, Meehan was removed from the House Ethics Committee, which has recently been investigating sexual misconduct allegations against four other congressmen. House Speaker Paul Ryan has told Meehan to repay the money used for the settlement. On January 25, Meehan announced he'd be retiring early.

On February 27, the committee opened an investigation into Meehan's own behavior, The Hill reported.

On April 27, Meehan resigned early—a move that was effective immediately, meaning a special election would be called to fill his seat.

"While I do believe I would be exonerated of any wrongdoing, I also did not want to put my staff through the rigors of an Ethics Committee investigation and believed it was best for them to have a head start on new employment rather than being caught up in an inquiry. And since I have chosen to resign, the inquiry will not become a burden to taxpayers and committee staff," Meehan said in a statement to NPR that day.

He also said he'd pay the $39,000 "severance payment that was made from my office account" within 30 days to avoid leaving "with any question of violating the trust of taxpayers."

Michael Douglas is accused of sexual misconduct 
Jason LaVeris/Getty Images
38/100
Michael Douglas
A woman who formerly worked for actor Michael Douglas has come forward on Today on January 19, 2018, accusing him of sexual harassment. Susan Braudy, a writer, worked for Douglas' production company for three years in the '80s and says that he often had "sexually charged" conversations with her. During a work meeting in 1989, she says, "he slid down the floor, unbuckled his belt and put his hand inside his trousers and I could see what he was doing. Then he began to sort of began to fondle himself. And I was very scared.”Braudy told some friends at the time but, "one of my friends said you'd better not tell people about him. People were frightened for me." Braudy also claims the actor masturbated in front of her.

His Response:

While Douglas did not provide a comment to NBC News, Douglas preemptively addressed these accusations to The Hollywood Reporter, saying the story is "an unfortunate and complete fabrication." He continued: "This individual is an industry veteran, a senior executive, a published novelist, and an established member of the women's movement—someone with a strong voice now, as well as when she worked at my company more than three decades ago. At no time then did she express or display even the slightest feeling of discomfort working in our environment, or with me personally. That is because at no time, and under no circumstance, did I behave inappropriately toward her."

Douglas, who admitted to his own sex addiction in a 2012 biography, also gave an interview on January 9 to Deadline in an attempt to get in front of the story.

In it he expressed remorse for "coarse language" used in the '80s and says he supports the #MeToo movement: "Look, I support the #MeToo movement with all my heart. I have always supported women, along the way. This is the kind of step that can set that movement back." In the same interview he says, "I can't believe that someone would cause someone else pain like this. Maybe she is disgruntled her career didn't go the way she hoped and she is holding this grudge."

The Fallout:

On May 21, Variety reported that Douglas was on board for a new show with Atrium TV. On May 24, Broadway World reported that Douglas and international foundation One Drop had teamed up to provide a "once-in-a-lifetime opportunity" for a fan to meet Douglas in L.A.

After calling out hypocrisy in Hollywood and encouraging victims of sexual abuse to come forward Seal is now under...
NBC
39/100
Seal
After calling out hypocrisy in Hollywood and encouraging victims of sexual abuse to come forward, Seal is now under criminal investigation for sexual battery. Actress Tracey Birdsall told TMZ on January 16, 2018, that Seal lunged at her and attempted to kiss her in the fall of 2016. Birdsall says she and Seal become friends while living near each other in Los Angeles, when one day, in his house, he forced himself on her and tried to kiss her. When she shouted, “What are you doing?!,” he allegedly replied, “I’m kissing you!”

Birdsall told TMZ that Seal began to insinuate that she was “asking for it” because she was wearing a tank top and shorts, and then he began to grope her breasts. She asked him to stop, but he did it again after asking her to sit down next to him on his couch. Birdsall says she left and did not contact Seal again.

A source with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department confirmed to TMZ that a report was taken for sexual battery.

His Response:

A representative for for Seal told TMZ, "Seal vehemently denies the recent allegations made against him by a former neighbor for alleged misconduct more than a year ago. He intends to vigorously defend himself against these false allegations."

The Fallout:

On February 13, reports broke that the L.A. County Sheriff’s Department investigated the incident, but rejected the case because it lacked witnesses and corroborating evidence. Seal will not face criminal charges.

In a lengthy Facebook post on January 13 2018 actress Eliza Dushku accused stunt coordinator Joel Kramer of sexually...
IMDB
40/100
Joel Kramer
In a lengthy Facebook post on January 13, 2018, actress Eliza Dushku accused stunt coordinator Joel Kramer of sexually molesting her during production of the 1994 film True Lies. Dushku was 12 at the time, and Kramer was 36.

Dushku said that some time after Kramer allegedly molested her, she was injured in a stunt that Kramer had been overseeing. She called it "no small coincidence" since Kramer was "responsible for my safety on a film that broke new ground for action films."

The assault, which Dushku says happened after Kramer lured her into a hotel room alone, has been corroborated by Dushku’s mother and a legal guardian, who says she reported Kramer's behavior, but nothing was done. Dushku’s True Lies costars Jamie Lee Curtis and Arnold Schwarzenegger have publicly supported the actress.

Two more women have since forward and accused Kramer of sexual misconduct, according to a January 15 report from Deadline. One incident reportedly involved a teenage girl who visited a movie set that Kramer was part of in 1997, while another woman says that Kramer forced her to perform oral sex on him more than 30 years ago.

His Response:

In response to Dushku’s claims, Kramer told Deadline, “These are outlandish, manipulated lies. I never sexually molested her…. I think she’s making this up in her imagination.” He's since continued to maintain his innocence.

Of the incident with the teenage girl, he said he believed she was of legal age.

The Fallout:

Kramer was dropped from Worldwide Production Agency on January 15.

“WPA has elected to part ways with Joel Kramer based on the allegations of misconduct now being reported. Such behavior is unacceptable and entirely at odds with the standards of conduct we demand of ourselves, and expect from our clients,” the agency’s president and general counsel Richard Caleel said in a statement.

In a piece published by Babe.net on January 14 2018 Grace  shared a story of an experience she had with Aziz Ansari in...
Timothy Hiatt/Getty Images
41/100
Aziz Ansari
In a piece published by Babe.net on January 14, 2018, Grace (no full name given) shared a story of an experience she had with Aziz Ansari in September. She claims that she went back to his apartment after a dinner date, where things "escalated" quickly, to the point where she felt uncomfortable and said "something like, ‘Whoa, let’s relax for a sec, let’s chill.’” She says he continued to pressure her into hooking up by following her around the apartment as she moved out of his way, asking her several times when he could have sex with her, and still making sexual advances even after she expressed discomfort.

Grace says that his behavior came off as confusing because after she verbally asked him to stop, he replied, according to her, "'Oh, of course, it’s only fun if we’re both having fun.'" But, she says, he continued to make sexual advances. Eventually, she says she was able to leave his apartment and texted him the next day to express her discomfort. According to Grace, after she told Ansari that she felt her wishes regarding his advances were ignored, he responded, "I'm so sad to hear this. Clearly, I misread things in the moment and I’m truly sorry." (Babe.net reportedly has screen grabs of this text conversation.)

His Response:

"In September of last year, I met a woman at a party. We exchanged numbers. We texted back and forth and eventually went on a date. We went out to dinner, and afterward we ended up engaging in sexual activity, which by all indications was completely consensual," Ansari said via a January 14 statement. "The next day, I got a text from her saying that although 'it may have seemed OK,' upon further reflection, she felt uncomfortable. It was true that everything did seem OK to me, so when I heard that it was not the case for her, I was surprised and concerned. I took her words to heart and responded privately after taking the time to process what she had said. I continue to support the movement that is happening in our culture. It is necessary and long overdue."

The Fallout:

On May 16, the Los Angeles Times reported that Ansari had performed five surprise standup shows in New York City during the previous week. As of early June, he was still making the surprise appearances.

On July 29, Netflix programming executive Cindy Holland told the audience at the Television Critics Association press tour that, “We would be happy to make another season of Master of None when Aziz is ready."

The New York Times published a report on January 13 2018 containing the accounts of 13 male assistants and models who...
Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for FENTY PUMA By Rihanna
42/100
Mario Testino
The New York Times published a report on January 13, 2018, containing the accounts of 13 male assistants and models who say that photographer Mario Testino "subjected them to sexual advances that in some cases included groping and masturbation." The allegations point to Testino—who was at the top of his field in editorial photography and a frequent photographer for the English royal family—abusing his position as a mentor and career maker.

His Reponse:

Testino's lawyers have responded on his behalf by calling into question the credibility of those making the allegations.

The Fallout:

Condé Nast has put its "working relationship with both [Testino and Bruce Weber, also accused of sexual misconduct,] on hold for the near future," Anna Wintour, the company's artistic director, said in a statement. (Condé has also announced a new code of conduct for outside photographers working with models.)

Other designers, like Michael Kors and Burberry, have also dropped Testino in light of the allegations.

On May 29, 2018, WWD reported broke that Testino had shut down his New York City-based creative agency and was restructuring its London branch.

On January 5 2018 the Associated Press reported that a civil lawsuit charging Oscarwinning filmmaker Paul Haggis  with...
Jim Spellman
43/100
Paul Haggis
On January 5, 2018, the Associated Press reported that a civil lawsuit charging Oscar-winning filmmaker Paul Haggis (Million Dollar Baby, Crash) with raping a publicist prompted three more women to step forward with their own sexual misconduct accusations, including another publicist who says Haggis forced her to perform oral sex, then raped her.

From the AP: "One of the other women speaking out [said]... that Haggis tried to sexually assault her. 'I need to be inside you,' she recalled him saying, before she managed to run away. Another of the new accusers said Haggis held down her arms, forcibly kissed her on a street corner, then followed her into a taxi. She said she later escaped his clutches."

His Response:

When asked about the new accusations, Christine Lepera, attorney for the 64-year-old screenwriter, told the AP, “He didn’t rape anybody.” The AP also reported that Haggis denied the original rape allegation in a counter-complaint to the lawsuit, and said the accuser and her lawyer "demanded" a $9 million payout to avoid legal action (Haggis characterized it as "extortion").

The Fallout:

In the wake of the allegations, Haggis resigned in January from a charity he founded.

On June 7, Page Six reported that Haggis had hired a private investigator to "dig into the life" of the publicist who'd accused him of rape.

Donald Trump's former campaign manager was accused of unwanted touching by Joy Villa a singer and Trump supporter...
Jeff Swensen
44/100
Corey Lewandowski
Donald Trump's former campaign manager was accused of "unwanted touching" by Joy Villa, a singer and Trump supporter herself. She said that she and Lewandowski crossed paths at a party celebrating the President's first year in office in late November, and she asked to take a photo with him. Villa says Lewandowski originally rolled his eyes and she withdrew her request, but they were pushed together to pose for a photo by another partygoer. “I’m wearing this silver suit and stretchy pants, and after the photo, he smacks my ass really hard,” Villa told Politico on December 22, 2017. “It was completely demeaning and shocking.”

Shocked, she told him "half-joking" that she could report him for sexual harassment. “He said, ‘Go ahead, I work in the private sector,’” Villa said. “Then he smacks my ass again.” Her account's been corroborated by a friend who was also there.

His Response:

On December 28, he told Fox Business' Charles Payne, "I think as someone who has been through this, you understand that there is a due process and there is a process which they will go through to determine a person’s innocence....What I’m going to do is let the process play forward just as you did when you were accused of sexual harassment in your own case."

The Fallout:

As of April 4, 2018, Lewandowski has reportedly been getting back in the White House orbit, traveling with both Vice President Mike Pence and President Donald Trump to rallies around the country. On May 14, he announced he was joining Pence's Great America PAC.

After an internal investigation of talk show host Tavis Smiley Variety reported on December 13 2017 that PBS discovered...
Earl Gibson III/Getty Images
45/100
Tavis Smiley
After an internal investigation of talk show host Tavis Smiley, Variety reported on December 13, 2017, that PBS discovered "credible allegations that Smiley had engaged in sexual relationships with multiple subordinates." There was concern expressed by some "that their employment status was linked to the status of a sexual relationship with Smiley." The investigation also uncovered a generally threatening environment with a thread of alleged verbal abuse and fears of retaliation.

On March 24, 2018, court documents filed against Smiley revealed new witnesses who corroborated initial allegations that Smiley had had sexual relationships with subordinates and would "subject subordinates to unwanted sexual advances—including requests for specific sex acts—and [make] lewd jokes." The filing reads that more than a dozen individuals either were subjected to or witnessed this alleged behavior.

His Response:

Smiley posted a video on Twitter on December 13, 2017, in which he said, "To be clear, I have never groped, coerced, or exposed myself inappropriately to any workplace colleague in my entire broadcast career, covering six networks over 30 years. Never. Ever. Never." In a written statement on Facebook accompanying the video, he questioned the validity of the PBS investigation and said, "If having a consensual relationship with a colleague years ago is the stuff that leads to this kind of public humiliation and personal destruction, heaven help us."

On December 18, he appeared on Good Morning America to defend himself: “I have never groped, I have never coerced, I have never exposed myself inappropriately…I celebrate and applaud these women who’ve had the courage to come out and tell their truth.”

After the March 2018 filing, Smiley's reps responded that the new witnesses and allegations were "More lies, half-truths and smears from PBS from an 'investigation' that never should have happened, with a result that was decided well before the inquiry was even begun."

The Fallout:

Smiley was suspended indefinitely by PBS on December 13, 2017, halting production of his eponymous half-hour talk show. Smiley has vowed to "fight back." PBS, which hired an outside law firm to conduct the investigation, responded: "This investigation included interviews with witnesses as well as with Mr. Smiley. The inquiry uncovered multiple, credible allegations of conduct that is inconsistent with the values and standards of PBS, and the totality of this information led to today’s decision."

On December 14, Walmart, which had sponsored Smiley's show and then-upcoming touring theatrical show, suspended its relationship with him. Public Radio International also cut ties with him.

On January 8, 2018, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Smiley was launching a new series, The Upside With Tavis Smiley on The Word Network. Smiley also announced a five-city tour to speak about "relationships in the workplace."

According to the Washington Post on February 20, Smiley filed a lawsuit against PBS claiming breach of contract and alleging "racially hostile behavior." He also claimed the network damaged his production company when he was fired. "I’ve spent the bulk of my career in public media, so filing a lawsuit against PBS was the last thing I wanted to do,” he said. “But litigation seems to be the only way to get at the truth.”

PBS responded to the suit with a February 20 statement that called it "meritless" and an attempt by Smiley "to distract the public from his pattern of sexual misconduct in the workplace.”

On March 12, The Word Network announced it would air a 2-hour special, hosted by Smiley and focusing on the life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., on April 4.

Ten women accused the restaurateur of sexual misconduct and harassment telling The New York Times on December 12 2017...
Patrick McMullan
46/100
Ken Friedman
Ten women accused the restaurateur of sexual misconduct and harassment, telling The New York Times on December 12, 2017, that Friedman had groped them, demanded sex, and sent texts requesting group sex or nude photographs. For those who worked at Friedman's New York restaurants, which include The Spotted Pig and The Breslin, "unwelcome sexual overtures, verbal and physical, were allegedly part of the daily routine." Most disturbing of all was the nickname employees of the restaurant and industry insiders gave to the Spotted Pig's third-floor private room: "the rape room." As the Times reported, once the first-floor dining room was closed, Friedman "made it clear that normal restaurant rules did not apply" to the third-floor lounge often used by celebrity patrons and "guests openly groped female servers." When employees complained to Spotted Pig chef April Bloomfield about Friedman's behavior, they told the Times her response was always the same: “That’s who he is. Get used to it. Or go work for someone else.”

In a 60 Minutes segment on May 20, 2018, new details emerged in the allegations against Friedman. Bartender Erin Fein said that the restaurant owner sexually assaulted her in his car in September 2014. "He lunged forward, he grabbed my face, he started kissing me very sort of sloppily," she said. "He pulled up my shirt. He put his hands on me. And I felt frozen." Other women in the piece say they feared retribution if they complained about Friedman. Former restaurant manager Jamie Seet says she was blackballed when she left the company. "The director of operations of that restaurant [where she had been newly hired] called me and he said, 'I'm so sorry. We're rescinding your job offer.' And I said, 'Does this have anything to do with Ken Friedman?' And he was like, 'Yes.'"

His Response:

In a statement to the Times, Friedman said, "Some incidents were not as described, but context and content are not today’s discussion. I apologize now publicly for my actions." He added that his actions "can accurately be described at times as abrasive, rude, and frankly wrong" and said the women who work at his restaurants "are among the best in the business and putting any of them in humiliating situations is unjustifiable."

Following the May 20 60 Minutes report, a spokesman for Ken Friedman says he "vehemently denies any non-consensual activity" and says Fein "never issued a complaint" and continued to want to work for him.

The Fallout:

Friedman has taken an indefinite leave of absence following the Times story. Chef April Bloomfield released her own statement in response to the report, saying: “In the two matters involving uninvited approaches that were brought to my attention over the years, I immediately referred both to our outside labor counsel, and they were addressed internally. I have spoken to Ken about professional boundaries and relied on him to uphold our policies. Nonetheless I feel we have let down our employees and for that I sincerely apologize."

In a statement to 60 Minutes with its May 20 report, April Bloomfield said, "I am in the final stages of severing my partnership with Ken Friedman. I deeply regret not doing more to protect my staff, who relied on me."

On June 13, married chefs Gabrielle Hamilton and Ashley Merriman announced their decision to partner with Friedman to take over The Spotted Pig.

The New Yorker's thenWashington correspondentwho doubles as an onair contributor for CNNallegedly engaged in improper...
Dimitrios Kambouris
47/100
Ryan Lizza
The New Yorker's then-Washington correspondent—who doubles as an on-air contributor for CNN—allegedly engaged in "improper sexual conduct," according to a statement from the weekly magazine on December 11, 2017.

His Response:

In response to his termination, Lizza issued the following statement on December 11: "I am dismayed that The New Yorker has decided to characterize a respectful relationship with a woman I dated as somehow inappropriate. The New Yorker was unable to cite a company policy that was violated. I am sorry to my friends, workplace colleagues, and loved ones for any embarrassment this episode may have caused. I love The New Yorker, my home for the last decade, and I have the highest regard for the people who work there. But this decision, which was made hastily and without a full investigation of the relevant facts, was a terrible mistake."

The Fallout:

The New Yorker fired Lizza on December 11. In a statement, a spokesperson for the publication said: "The New Yorker recently learned that Ryan Lizza engaged in what we believe was improper sexual conduct. We have reviewed the matter and, as a result, have severed ties with Lizza. Due to a request for privacy, we are not commenting further.”

CNN said on December 11 that Lizza “will not appear" on that network as they "look into this matter.” On January 25, 2018, Lizza returned to work at CNN, with the company saying they'd found "no reason to keep him off the air."

On June 7, the editor-in-chief of Esquire announced that he'd hired Lizza as chief political correspondent for the magazine.

(Note: The New Yorker is published by Condé Nast, the same company that publishes Glamour).

Multiple womenincluding at least three former employeeshave accused the celebrity chef of touching them inappropriately...
Desiree Navarro/Getty Images
48/100
Mario Batali
Multiple women—including at least three former employees—have accused the celebrity chef of touching them inappropriately over a period of time spanning more than two decades. According to an Eater investigation published December 11, 2017, the first official complaint about Batali's behavior was filed that October to Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, the management company that oversees about 24 restaurants—including those owned by Batali.

A May 20, 2018, 60 Minutes segment details additional misconduct allegations from former employees about Batali's misconduct, including one woman who says he sexually assaulted her at The Spotted Pig restaurant. The woman, an employee at Batali's restaurant Babbo and requested anonymity, told Anderson Cooper that she dined with her boss and then went up to a party on The Spotted Pig's third floor where she got foggy. "And this is-- part of the messy, scary part for me, there is a part where it-- it all disappears," she says. "I remember a moment where I was on his lap, kissing him. Like, he was kissing me. And then I remember throwing up-- in a toilet. And that is all. I woke up by myself on the floor, I don't know where I am, of an empty room, wooden floor. I see broken bottles. The first thing I think is, "I've been drugged." That was the first thing I thought is, "I've been-- I've been assaulted." No police report was filed.

On May 30, Eater reported that seven more women alleged that Batali had "touched them inappropriately."

His Response:

In a statement to Eater, included with the initial December report, Batali did not deny the allegations, saying: “I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.

He added that he has "work to do to try to regain the trust of those I have hurt and disappointed."

Batali issued a statement to CBS News with its May 20 report, stating, "I vehemently deny the allegation that I sexually assaulted this woman. My past behavior has been deeply inappropriate and I am sincerely remorseful for my actions. I am not attempting a professional comeback. My only focus is finding a personal path forward—a path where I can contribute to my charitable endeavors—helping the underprivileged and those in need."

The Fallout:

Batali announced on December 11 that he would "step away from day-to-day operations of my businesses," which include his restaurants. The same day, ABC also asked Batali to step down from his co-hosting role on The Chew while the network reviews "the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” according to a spokesperson.

On April 2, The New York Times reported that Batali was "eyeing his second act."

The New York Police Department confirmed to 60 Minutes for its May 20 report that there is an ongoing criminal investigation into Mario Batali regarding two accusations of sexual assault.

Shortly after the May 20 allegations surfaced, the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported that three Vegas restaurants belonging to Batali's company—B&B Ristorante, Otto, and CarneVino—will close on July 27.

On May 23, Deadline reported that the current season of The Chew will be its last.

On March 6, 2019, the New York Times reported that Batali has given up his stake in all of his restaurants, including Babbo, Del Posto, and Eataly. While the terms of his buyout (by his former partners) were not disclosed, Tanya Bastianich Manuali (who will head the new company) said that Batali “will no longer profit from the restaurants in any way, shape or form.”

Ben Gabbe
49/100
Lorin Stein
In October 2017 a subcommittee created by the board of The Paris Review launched an internal investigation into Stein's behavior toward women who work and write for the noted literary magazine. According to The New York Times on December 6, at least two female writers said they had "negative encounters" with the Review editor.

His Response:

In his resignation letter to the The Paris Review board on December 6, Stein wrote, “At times in the past, I blurred the personal and the professional in ways that were, I now recognize, disrespectful of my colleagues and our contributors, and that made them feel uncomfortable or demeaned. I am very sorry for any hurt I caused them.” He added that he pursued women he had professional relationships with romantically—including writers and interns—and stated that it was "an abuse of my position." He also acknowledged that he "engaged in sexual behavior in the office after hours" but said that each of these encounters was consensual and occurred when he was single.

The Fallout:

Stein resigned from his post as editor of The Paris Review on December 6. In mid-March 2018, New York Magazine reported that the magazine had held a series of interviews with at least eight female candidates, with an unnamed source on the Review staff saying that "to do otherwise would be a middle finger to feminism."

The chief content officer of American Media Inc. the publishing company behind titles like The National Enquirer Us...
Ilya S. Savenok
50/100
Dylan Howard
The chief content officer of American Media Inc., the publishing company behind titles like The National Enquirer, Us Weekly, and RadarOnline, was accused of sexual harassment and misconduct by 12 former employees. Speaking with the Associated Press in an article published December 6, 2017, they said that Howard "openly described his sexual partners in the newsroom, discussed female employees’ sex lives and forced women to watch or listen to pornographic material." He also reportedly asked employees to call him by the self-proclaimed nickname "Dildo" when he managed the company's office in Los Angeles. His alleged behavior prompted a 2012 internal review conducted by an outside investigator, and Howard left the company shortly after the inquiry was completed. He was later rehired by AMI and brought in a year later with a promotion that put him in the company's flagship office in New York.

On March 14, 2018, it came to light that Howard, while at AMI, was a member of Weinstein's so-called "army of spies" and supplied him with "embarrassing and private information about one of his accusers, at Weinstein's request."

His Response:

In a short phone call with the AP included in the December 6, 2017, report, Howard dismissed the allegations as "baseless."

The Fallout:

It was unclear if Howard faced any disciplinary action following the 2012 investigation. Of the inquiry, a lawyer for AMI told the AP on December 5, 2017, "It was determined that there was some what you would call as horsing around outside the office, going to bars and things that are not uncommon in the media business, but none of it rose to the level of harassment that would require termination." On June 1, 2018, The Hollywood Reporter wrote that Howard's name was included as a "journalist participant" in a class-action lawsuit against those who allegedly facilitated Harvey Weinstein's alleged misconduct.

Owen Hoffmann
51/100
Peter Martins
In an anonymous letter, Peter Martins, the longstanding head of New York City Ballet and its adjacent training facility, the School of American Ballet, was accused of sexual harassment. The allegations were published by The New York Times on December 4, 2017, and the school issued a statement in the article saying the letter made "general, nonspecific allegations of sexual harassment in the past by Peter Martins at both New York City Ballet and the school."

His Response:

When asked about the accusations by The New York Times on December 4, Martins said, "The company has already addressed it." In regard to if he had anything more to add, Martins replied, "At this point, no."

The Fallout:

The initial Times article reported that Martins was removed from teaching his weekly class at the School of American Ballet while a joint investigation into the allegations was underway. On January 1, 2018, he submitted his resignation, effective immediately. The results of the investigation, released on February 15, did not corroborate the accusers' stories but acknowledged the need for new policies for dancers to feel safe and heard.

Michael Bezjian
52/100
Danny Masterson
On March 3, 2017, People reported that Masterson was under investigation by the Los Angeles Police Department after three women accused the That '70s Show actor of rape (the alleged incidents occurred in the early 2000s). Following the suspension of Kevin Spacey from the Netflix series House of Cards, one of Masterson's accusers criticized the streaming service in early November for their continued relationship with the actor, who was then starring in the Netflix comedy The Ranch. On December 4, The Huffington Post reported that one of Masterson's alleged victims was carrying on a conversation with Netflix executive Andy Yeatman during a children's soccer game (both Yeatman and the victim have daughters who were playing on opposing teams) when Yeatman told her that he does not believe the women who have brought forward the accusations of rape against Masterson. (The Netflix exec did not realize the woman he was speaking to was one of Masterson's accusers.)

His Response:

Masterson has denied the allegations. Following Netflix's decision to sever ties with him, he released the following statement on December 5: “I am obviously very disappointed in Netflix’s decision to write my character off of The Ranch. From day one, I have denied the outrageous allegations against me. Law enforcement investigated these claims more than 15 years ago and determined them to be without merit. I have never been charged with a crime, let alone convicted of one. In this country you are presumed innocent until proven guilty. However, in the current climate, it seems as if you are presumed guilty the moment you are accused. I understand and look forward to clearing my name once and for all. In the meantime I want to express my gratitude to the cast and crew that I’ve worked so closely with over the past three seasons. I wish them nothing but success. I am also so thankful to the fans that have supported me and continue to do so.”

The Fallout:

Masterson was fired from The Ranch, effective December 4.

On January 5, 2018, reports broke that Masterson's management team, United Talent Agency, had dropped him from their roster. On March 15, Deadline reported that Dax Shepard, who will guest star on The Ranch, will help to "fill the void" left by Masterson's exit.

In a report published by The Cut on December 1 2017 writer Suki Kim brought forth allegations from multiple women...
BEN GABBE/Patrick McMullan via Getty Images
53/100
John Hockenberry
In a report published by The Cut on December 1, 2017, writer Suki Kim brought forth allegations from multiple women, including herself, accusing John Hockenberry, the highly regarded former host of New York Public Radio's The Takeaway, of sexual harassment, groping, feelings of being "sexually encroached upon," and workplace bullying. One woman alleged he kissed her after she'd informed him she'd booked an interview with Oscar-winner Marion Cotillard; another former producer alleged that he lured her to his hotel room on the pretense of talking about work, then kissed her and told her he loved her. "This is a person who has an immense power,” she told Kim. “Back then, my impression was that after a sexual-harassment filing, the woman gets blamed, the woman will be removed.”

Another woman came forward in a December 6 Guardian op-ed, calling her co-hosting experience with Hockenberry "scarring."

His Response:

Hockenberry issued the following statement to The Cut on December 1: “Looking back, my behavior was not always appropriate, and I’m sorry. It horrifies me that I made the talented and driven people I worked with feel uncomfortable, and that the stress around putting together a great show was made worse by my behavior. Having to deal with my own physical limitations [Hockenberry is paralyzed from the waist down] has given me an understanding of powerlessness, and I should have been more aware of how the power I wielded over others, coupled with inappropriate comments and communications, could be construed. I have no excuses.”

The Fallout:

Hockenberry had already retired from his job in August 2017.

The New York Times reported on December 2 2017 that legendary former director of the Metropolitan Opera was accused of...
Hiroyuki Ito/Getty Images
54/100
James Levine
The New York Times reported on December 2, 2017, that legendary former director of the Metropolitan Opera was accused of sexually abusing a then teenage boy, according to an October 2016 police report filed in Lake Forest, Illinois. According to the police report, Levine, who was the Met Opera's director for 40 years, first held the accuser's hand in an "incredibly sensual way" when he was 15. Levine, who was then in his early forties, allegedly told the teen he wanted to see if he could be "raised special like me" and become a conductor. According to the report, Levin’s behavior escalated over subsequent years: Allegations included charges that he touched the accuser's penis and met the accuser in a hotel room where Levine would masturbate after touching the accuser.

In The Cut's subsequent December 3 article about the allegations against Levine, it came to light that Met's former press representative had written in her book about the history of the institution that similar stories about Levine "came to the surface at more or less regular intervals."

On May 18, 2018, the Metropolitan Opera filed a counter-lawsuit against Levine in which five more men alleged abuse, bringing the total to nine.

His Reponse:

Levine has denied the charges that were filed.

The Fallout:

The Metropolitan Opera opened an investigation with "outside resources" to determine "appropriate action," according to a December 2, 2017, tweet from the @MetOpera account. As of March 12, 2018, Levine was fired. Levin filed a lawsuit against the Opera days after, seeking more than $4 million for contract breach and defamation (among other things) and maintaining complete denial of any wrongdoing.

The counter-lawsuit filed by the Met in May is a breach-of-contract claim seeking all the money Levine made between 1976 and 2017 ($5.8 million total), a timespan in which the alleged incidents are reported to have taken place. "By engaging in repeated acts of sexual misconduct during his association with the Met, including during the period that Levine was responsible for the Young Artist Program, Levine unquestionably violated his duty of loyalty," the court documents state, according to CNN.

In a lawsuit filed on December 1 2017 the New York Post reports model Jason Boyce alleged that Weber a renowned fashion...
Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images
55/100
Bruce Weber
In a lawsuit filed on December 1, 2017, the New York Post reports, model Jason Boyce alleged that Weber, a renowned fashion photographer, sexually harassed him during a 2014 photo shoot. According to the lawsuit, Boyce claimed that Weber, then 68, tried to get him to remove his clothing and touch his genitals while he was shooting. (Boyce was 28 at the time of the incident.) According to the Post, when Boyce refused to touch himself, Weber allegedly "grabbed Mr. Boyce’s arm, and moved it back and forth, so that Mr. Boyce was forced to rub his own genitals." Weber also allegedly kissed Boyce on the lips and put Boyce's fingers in his mouth before leaving. Per court documents, Weber allegedly whispered, “If you just had confidence, you'd go really far. How far do you want to make it? How ambitious are you?" Boyce said in the lawsuit that the alleged incidents effectively ended his modeling career given his "intense dread" of running into Weber again.

Since the December accusation, a number of others have come out with their own allegations in publications. On January 13, 2018, The New York Times published an investigation with 15 current and former models speaking out against him. Four days later, *Business of Fashion* published a report with four additional accusers.

His Response:

In an Instagram post in early January, Weber addressed the allegations, writing: "I unequivocally deny these charges and will vigorously defend myself. I have spent my career capturing the human spirit through photographs and am confident that, in due time, the truth will prevail. I am grateful for the outpouring of support I have received."

The Fallout:

A contemporary art center in Hamburg announced on January 18 that they would halt a Weber retrospective in light of the allegations.

In an article published November 30 2017 nine women spoke to The New York Times with allegations of sexual misconduct...
Maarten de Boer
56/100
Israel Horovitz
In an article published November 30, 2017, nine women spoke to The New York Times with allegations of sexual misconduct, including groping, kissing, and—in one instance—rape. For these women the playwright had once been a friend and mentor, and his alleged actions were "violations of trust."

The Times report is not the first time such accusations being brought forward against Horovitz. In 1993 The Boston Phoenix published an investigation detailing accusations of sexual harassment and assault brought forward by 10 women. At the time, the board president of the Gloucester Stage, the regional theater of which Horovitz was the founding artistic director, disregarded the allegations and labeled some of the women as "tightly wound."

Since the Times report, others have come forward, including actress Heather Graham, who said on February 20 that he forcibly kissed her and two other people who worked in Seattle, where Horovitz put on a play in 2011.

His Response:

Horovitz told the Times in its initial article that though he has “a different memory of some of these events, I apologize with all my heart to any woman who has ever felt compromised by my actions, and to my family and friends who have put their trust in me. To hear that I have caused pain is profoundly upsetting, as is the idea that I might have crossed a line with anyone who considered me a mentor.”

Adam Horovitz, the playwright's son and a member of the Beastie Boys, also addressed the allegations, telling the Times: “I believe the allegations against my father are true, and I stand behind the women that made them.”

The Fallout:

Per the Times' initial article, Gloucester Stage has severed ties with Horovitz following the recent allegations, and current board president Elizabeth Neumeier apologized to the women who spoke out in the early 1990s.

At the top of the Today Show on Wednesday November 29 2017 anchors Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Kotb delivered a live...
NBC
57/100
Matt Lauer
At the top of the Today Show on Wednesday, November 29, 2017, anchors Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Kotb delivered a live message to viewers, revealing NBC News chairman Andrew Lack wrote in a staff memo that there was a "complaint from a colleague about inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace by Matt Lauer." Though it was the first made against the journalist and morning host during his 25-year career with NBC, Lack wrote "we were also presented with reason to believe this may not have been an isolated incident."

Further allegations were brought forth in a report published by The Washington Post on April 25, 2018, in which two more women came forward with previously unreported accusations that Lauer had sexually harassed them.

His Response:

In a statement provided to Today on November 30, 2017, Lauer addressed the initial allegations, saying: "There are no words to express my sorrow and regret for the pain I have caused others by words and actions. To the people I have hurt, I am truly sorry. As I am writing this I realize the depth of the damage and disappointment I have left behind at home and at NBC. Some of what is being said about me is untrue or mischaracterized, but there is enough truth in these stories to make me feel embarrassed and ashamed. I regret that my shame is now shared by the people I cherish dearly. Repairing the damage will take a lot of time and soul searching and I'm committed to beginning that effort. It is now my full time job. The last two days have forced me to take a very hard look at my own troubling flaws. It's been humbling. I am blessed to be surrounded by the people I love. I thank them for their patience and grace."

On April 25, 2018, Lauer broke five months of silence to respond to the new allegations published in the Post's report: "I have made no public comments on the many false stories from anonymous or biased sources that have been reported about me over these past several months … I remained silent in an attempt to protect my family from further embarrassment and to restore a small degree of the privacy they have lost. But defending my family now requires me to speak up. I fully acknowledge that I acted inappropriately as a husband, father and principal at NBC. However I want to make it perfectly clear that any allegations or reports of coercive, aggressive or abusive actions on my part, at any time, are absolutely false."

The Fallout:

Lauer, 59, was terminated from NBC on November 28, 2017, the day before the Today Show's announcement. Variety published an explosive report the same day detailing the anchor's alleged misconduct. The New York Times also reported on November 29 that, after Lauer's termination, at least two additional women had brought complaints forward to NBC—including one who said Lauer sexually assaulted her in his office in 2001.

On May 16, 2018, People reported that Lauer and his wife, Annette Roque, were "on the brink of a divorce."

The former host of A Prairie Home Companion told the Associated Press on November 29 2017 that he was fired by Minnesota...
Tommaso Boddi
58/100
Garrison Keillor
The former host of A Prairie Home Companion told the Associated Press on November 29, 2017, that he was fired by Minnesota Public Radio following allegations of improper conduct. (Though Keillor retired from the program in 2016, he continued to produce The Writer's Almanac for MPR, and the show was broadcast on numerous public radio stations.) In a same-day statement, MPR revealed that the allegations of inappropriate behavior had been brought forward by someone who worked with Keillor.

On January 23, 2018, MPR published an investigation detailing several incidents, going back decades, where women alleged inappropriate sexual harassment by Keillor. "The revelations create a portrait of Keillor more complicated than that of the folksy, avuncular storyteller whose brand of humor appealed to millions of listeners. They suggest a star who seemed heedless of the power imbalance that gave him an advantage in his relationships with younger women," reported the investigations' journalists.

His Response:

Keillor emailed the AP about the initial accusations on November 29, 2017, and in a subsequent message said that he had been terminated over "a story that I think is more interesting and more complicated than the version MPR heard.”

In response to the January 2018 MPR investigation, Keillor said that he couldn't comment because he was involved in negotiations with MPR over his business relationships. "I think it would be a waste of time to engage in the he said/they said game. There are facts here that need to be respected. I'll be able to tell my side of the story at length, in my own words, in due course, and that's sufficient for me," he said in his response, which was included in the investigation. On January 25, Keillor offered the comment that one of his accusers had "enjoyed the flirtation."

On February 26, Keillor said in an interview with the Associated Press that the sexually suggestive emails were "romantic writing." The woman who received the emails said via her lawyer that "his power over her job made her afraid to say no to him."

"I never kissed her ..." continued Keillor, who also rejected the suggestion that because he was her boss, it could be sexual harassment. "This was a flirtation between two writers that took place in writing."

The Fallout:

Aside from cutting ties with Keillor, MPR announced that it will no longer distribute The Writer's Almanac or broadcast past episodes of A Prairie Home Companion that Keillor hosted. It initially also erased several thousand show episodes from its website before restoring archive access in April as part of a deal reached by Keillor and MPR. The deal, reported by MPR on April 13, also reportedly paid $275,000 to Keillor on the condition neither party would sue each other.

New episodes of A Prairie Home Companion, now hosted by Chris Thile, are created under the program's new name, Live From Here.

On January 19 the University of Minnesota removed Keillor's plaque from its Scholars Walk featuring prominent alumni. On February 28 Keillor gave his first show since being fired at Yavapai College in Arizona. On April 3, Keillor reportedly wrote a Facebook post saying he was "ready to start up The Writers Almenac [sic] again," using social media as the platform. He also expressed the desire to take "A Prairie Home Companion out on tour again."

As of mid-June, Keillor still writes a weekly column for the Union Leader.

The celebrity pastry chef was accused of sexual harassment by four female colleagues with alleged incidents taking place...
Pier Marco Tacca/Getty
59/100
Johnny Iuzzini
The celebrity pastry chef was accused of sexual harassment by four female colleagues, with alleged incidents taking place between 2009 and 2011—during his time at famed New York restaurant Jean-Georges. According to a November 29, 2017, Mic report, the women alleged Iuzzini's actions included putting his tongue in people’s ears, simulating sex, and ordering shoulder massages. On December 12, a subsequent Mic story reported on four more women who came forward alleging sexual harassment and abuse.

His response:

In a statement to Mic published in the November 29 article, the James Beard Award winner said, “Many of the other allegations are inaccurate, others I do not recall and none were meant to hurt people."

The fallout:

The chef no longer worked at Jean-Georges when initial accusations surfaced on November 29, but the restaurant was allegedly aware of his actions (his leaving had been painted as amicable). The restaurant told Mic in a statement with the initial article that they train all staff to bring personnel complaints to human resources.

In December, ABC cancelled its The Great American Baking Show after an investigation into allegations against Izzuni, who was a judge on the show. On May 31, 2018, it was reported that ABC would be be bringing the show back with new casting.

Antonia Jenae a backup singer for Joss Stone told British paper The Sun on November 24 2017 that the Virgin CEO and...
Eric McCandless
60/100
Richard Branson
Antonia Jenae, a backup singer for Joss Stone, told British paper The Sun on November 24, 2017, that the Virgin CEO and billionaire approached her during a party on his private island in the British Virgin Islands in 2010 and “motorboated” her breasts while making engine noises. "His behavior was disgusting. I feel like it was sexual assault," she said. Antonia also claimed that Branson begged her to go topless.

His Response:

According to The Telegraph on November 25, a spokeswoman for Virgin Management said: "Everyone appeared to enjoy their time on the island. Richard has no recollection of this matter and neither do his family and friends, who were with him on the island at the time…. There would never have been any intention to offend or make anyone feel uncomfortable in any way, and Richard apologizes if anyone felt that way during their time on the island."

The Fallout:

It's unclear whether the accusation will affect Branson's multiple businesses.

On November 2 2017 Melissa Schuman an actress singer and former member of the girl group Dream accused Nick Carter in a...
Alberto E. Rodriguez
61/100
Nick Carter
On November 2, 2017, Melissa Schuman, an actress, singer, and former member of the girl group Dream, accused Nick Carter in a blog post of raping her in 2003.

His Response:

Carter responded to the allegations in a November 22 statement: “I am shocked and saddened by Ms. Schuman’s accusations. Melissa never expressed to me while we were together or at any time since that anything we did was not consensual. We went on to record a song and perform together, and I was always respectful and supportive of Melissa both personally and professionally. This is the first that I am hearing about these accusations, nearly two decades later. It is contrary to my nature and everything I hold dear to intentionally cause someone discomfort or harm.”

The Fallout:

On Thursday, February 8, 2018, Schuman filed a police report against Carter in Santa Monica, CA. She wrote on Twitter that she was “finally doing what I thought I could no longer do. I’m filing a police report.” She thanked the anti-sexual assault group RAINN for helping her with the decision. A police spokesman confirmed to TheWrap that a sexual misconduct complaint has been filed against the singer and that an investigation has commenced. It is yet to be determined if the incident will affect Carter’s role in the Backstreet Boys residency in Las Vegas.

On March 7, it was announced that Carter would be attending the Fanboy Expo in Knoxville, Tennessee, as a celebrity guest. On May 17, the Backstreet Boys released a new single and video with plans for a new album later in the year.

As Variety reported on November 21 2017 John Lasseter nowformer chief creative officer of Pixar and Walt Disney...
Jason LaVeris
62/100
John Lasseter
As Variety reported on November 21, 2017, John Lasseter, now-former chief creative officer of Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios was the subject of a “whisper network” for over two decades. Per The Hollywood Reporter the same day, Lasseter was known for “grabbing, kissing, making comments about physical attributes."

It was initially reported, as allegations broke that day, that actress and writer Rashida Jones left Toy Story 4—a project she was a writer for—because Lasseter made an unwanted advance on her. However, she later clarified in a statement that it was due to creative and workplace culture differences: "However, it is also a culture where women and people of color do not have an equal creative voice.”

His Response:

Lasseter apologized for his behavior in a statement published with the THR report: “I’ve recently had a number of difficult conversations that have been very painful for me. It’s never easy to face your missteps, but it’s the only way to learn from them…. I especially want to apologize to anyone who has ever been on the receiving end of an unwanted hug or any other gesture they felt crossed the line in any way, shape, or form. No matter how benign my intent, everyone has the right to set their own boundaries and have them respected.”

The Fallout:
On November 21, Lasseter [announced](https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/john-lasseter-taking- sabbatical-admitting-missteps/story?id=51309920) he would be taking a six-month sabbatical because of his “missteps.” On June 8, 2018, he said he would be leaving his role as chief creative officer of Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios at the end of 2018, serving until then in a consulting role.

On January 9, it was announced that Lasseter has been hired as the head of Skydance Animation. “While we would never minimize anyone’s subjective views on behavior, we are confident after many substantive conversations with John, and as the investigation has affirmed, that his mistakes have been recognized,” Skydance Media CEO David Ellison wrote in a letter to staff announcing the hire. “We are certain that John has learned valuable lessons and is ready to prove his capabilities as a leader and a colleague. And he has given his assurance that he will comport himself in a wholly professional manner that is the expectation of every Skydance colleague and partner.”

Variety reported that various staffers and Hollywood executives who do business with Skydance were disappointed in the decision and also that Lasseter's contract contains provisions that make him financially responsible for any legal claims surrounding sexual harassment. Time's Up issued a statement saying in part that "Skydance Media’s decision to hire John Lasseter as head of animation endorses and perpetuates a broken system that allows powerful men to act without consequence."

Mireya Acierto
63/100
Russell Simmons
Former model Keri Claussen Khalighi told the Los Angeles Times in an article published November 19, 2017, that she met the Def Jam Recordings mogul, along with director Brett Ratner (who has been the subject of numerous sexual misconduct allegations), at a casting call in 1991 when she was 17. Khalighi said she was invited back to Simmons’ New York apartment to watch a music video he and Ratner had been working on together, then alleged that Simmons soon began making sexual advances on her, ultimately forcing her into sex. Khalighi says Ratner sat in the room and did nothing despite her distress. As the Times further reported, Simmons and Ratner shared similar a “playboy lifestyle” that many women say “enabled inappropriate behavior.”

Less than two weeks after Khalighi shared her story with the Times, screenwriter Jenny Lumet—who penned films like Rachel Getting Married and The Mummy—published an essay in The Hollywood Reporter alleging that Simmons had sexually assaulted her in the early 1990s.

On December 13, The New York Times published a report detailing an alleged "pattern of violent sexual behavior" by Simmons. Four women spoke on the record with the paper about sexual harassment and assault that occurred between 1988 and 2014; three of the women accused the Def Jam Recordings co-founder of rape.

By early January 2018, two more women had filed reports with the New York Police Department alleging rape, bringing the total to more than a dozen accusers.

On March 23, a $10-million, Jane Doe lawsuit also alleging rape was filed in Los Angeles.

His Response:

Simmons denied Khalighi’s claims, telling the Times in a statement that her accusations do “a disservice to those who have been true victims of sexual harassment.” “Let me be crystal clear and very direct,” he said, “abusing women in any way shape or form violates the very core of my being.”

Khalighi, however, said on November 22, that Simmons had privately apologized to her for his actions.

Following the publication of Lumet's essay, Simmons released a statement on November 30 saying, "While her memory of that evening is very different from mine, it is now clear to me that her feelings of fear and intimidation are real. While I have never been violent, I have been thoughtless and insensitive in some of my relationships over many decades and I sincerely and humbly apologize."

In response to the Times investigation, Simmons issued a statement on December 13: "I vehemently deny all these allegations. These horrific accusations have shocked me to my core and all of my relations have been consensual. I am blessed to have shared extraordinary relationships, whether through work or love, with many great women; and I have enormous respect for the women’s movement worldwide and their struggle for respect, dignity, equality and power."

Simmons also denied the January and March 2018 allegations.

The Fallout:

In response to Lumet's November 2017 allegations in THR, Simmons announced in a statement published with the article that he would be stepping down from his companies, saying, "I will step aside and commit myself to continuing my personal growth, spiritual learning and above all to listening."

Amid the allegations, HBO says it will still continue with the next season of Simmons’ Def Comedy Jam.

On January 31, 2018, reports revealed that Ophah was dropping his contributions from an upcoming hip-hop spiritual advice book.

Four months later, on April 25, the $5-million lawsuit alleging sexual assault that had been brought forward by one of the January accusers was dismissed.

On May 3, Simmons posted on Instagram to support the #MeToo movement: "A little blood on my shoulders so that my daughters see a better world is worth it."

BuzzFeed News obtained documents published in a November 21 2017 report that show Democratic Rep. John Conyers of...
Bill Clark
64/100
John Conyers
BuzzFeed News obtained documents, published in a November 21, 2017, report that show Democratic Rep. John Conyers of Michigan filed several affidavits from former staffers who allege that Conyers repeatedly made sexual advances toward them.

On November 30, former staffer Marion Brown broke a non-disclosure agreement to speak publicly about her allegations of sexual harassment against the congressman. In an appearance on Today, Brown said that Conyers violated her body and repeatedly propositioned her. Describing one incident at a hotel in 2005, Brown said, “He was undressed down to his underwear. He asked me to satisfy to him sexually. He pointed to genital areas of his body and asked me to touch him."

"I was frozen shocked," she added. "I didn’t want to lose my job, I didn’t want to upset him. Also, he asked me to find other people that would satisfy him."

His Response:

Conyers confirmed on November 21 that he'd paid settlements to accusers in a statement but “expressly and vehemently” denied the sexual harassment allegations against him.

The Fallout:

The House Ethics Committee announced that it has opened an investigation into the allegations against him. As additional details have surfaced about Conyers alleged behavior, top Democrats have started calling on the congressman to resign. On December 5, Conyers announced that he would be leaving Congress, effective immediately.

In a November 10 2017 report by Variety 15 women and several men accused Andrew Kreisberg executive producer of CW shows...
Jerod Harris
65/100
Andrew Kreisberg
In a November 10, 2017, report by Variety, 15 women and several men accused Andrew Kreisberg, executive producer of CW shows Arrow, Supergirl, The Flash, and DC’s Legends of Tomorrow, of sexually harassing women on set and engaging in inappropriate physical contact for several years.

His Response:

In comments to Variety, Kreisberg denied the allegations and said, “I have made comments on women’s appearances and clothes in my capacity as an executive producer, but they were not sexualized. Like many people, I have given someone a nonsexual hug or kiss on the cheek”

The Fallout:

Warner Bros. TV Group launched an investigation into the allegations and Kreisberg was suspended. Following an internal review, Warner Bros. announced on November 29 that Kreisberg had been fired from the production company.

News reporter Geraldo Rivera apologized to Bette Midler after the actress called him out in a November 30 2017 tweet for...
Rabbani and Solimene Photography/Getty Images
66/100
Geraldo Rivera
News reporter Geraldo Rivera apologized to Bette Midler after the actress called him out in a November 30, 2017 tweet for groping her breasts in the 1970s (an incident he wrote about in his 1991 memoir). The tweet included a video of a 1991 interview she did with Barbara Walters, in which she talked about the misconduct and denied she'd "offered herself up."

His Response:

Rivera replied to Midler's tweet the next day with one of his own: "Although I recall the time @BetteMidler has alluded to much differently than she, that does not change the fact that she has a right to speak out & demand an apology from me, for in the very least, publicly embarrassing her all those years ago. Bette, I apologize."

The Fallout:

To be determined.

In a Vox investigation published November 20 2017 four women shared similar allegations regarding New York Times...
OLIVIER DOULIERY/POOL/EPA/REX/Shutterstock
67/100
Glenn Thrush
In a Vox investigation published November 20, 2017, four women shared similar allegations regarding New York Times reporter Glenn Thrush's “history of bad judgment around young women journalists,” alleging that Thrush groped and kissed them without their consent.

His Response:

“I apologize to any woman who felt uncomfortable in my presence, and for any situation where I behaved inappropriately," Thrush told Vox in a statement published with the investigation. "Any behavior that makes a woman feel disrespected or uncomfortable is unacceptable.” In a subsequent message he said that he was getting treatment for alcoholism.

The Fallout:

The Times announced on November 20 that Thrush had been suspended while they conducted an investigation into his behavior.

On December 20, the Times announced that Thrush would resume work at the paper, but would no longer cover the White House. Executive Editor Dean Baquet said in a statement, "While we believe that Glenn has acted offensively, we have decided that he does not deserve to be fired, adding that he would receive training to "improve his workplace conduct" and was undergoing counseling and rehab on his own.

"We understand that our colleagues and the public at large are grappling with what constitutes sexually offensive behavior in the workplace and what consequences are appropriate. Each case has to be evaluated based on individual circumstances. We believe this is an appropriate response to Glenn’s situation.”

As of June 14, Thrush continues to be employed by the Times.

On November 16 2017 broadcaster Leeann Tweeden accused the thenMinnesota senator of unwanted kissing and groping when...
Cory Ryan
68/100
Al Franken
On November 16, 2017, broadcaster Leeann Tweeden accused the then-Minnesota senator of unwanted kissing and groping when the two performed together during a USO Tour in 2006. Four days later, a second woman, Lindsay Menz, came forward, alleging that Franken grabbed her behind while they posed together for a photo at the Minnesota State Fair in 2010, when Franken was in the middle of his first term as senator. Following Tweeden's and Menz's accounts, at least six other women came forward to accuse Franken of sexual harassment.

His Response:

In a statement responding to Tweeden’s allegations, Franken said, “The first thing I want to do is apologize: to Leeann, to everyone else who was part of that tour, to everyone who has worked for me, to everyone I represent, and to everyone who counts on me to be an ally and supporter and champion of women. There’s more I want to say, but the first and most important thing—and if it’s the only thing you care to hear, that’s fine—is: I’m sorry.”

Following Menz’s account, Franken said, "I take thousands of photos at the state fair surrounded by hundreds of people, and I certainly don't remember taking this picture. I feel badly that Ms. Menz came away from our interaction feeling disrespected."

Franken addressed several of the other women's allegations—read each of his responses here.

The Fallout:

Many of Franken’s fellow senators called for the Ethics Committee to review his behavior, and Franken said he'd comply with any investigation. As more allegations became public by early December, dozens of his fellow Democratic senators implored Franken to resign. On December 7, Franken announced that he would be stepping down from his seat "in the coming weeks" and did so on January 2, 2018.

Emmywinning writer Kater Gordon told The Information in a November 9 2017 article that 10 years prior when she was a...
Michael Kovac
69/100
Matthew Weiner
Emmy-winning writer Kater Gordon told The Information in a November 9, 2017, article that 10 years prior, when she was a writer’s assistant for Mad Men, creator Matthew Weiner made a sexually charged comment to her during a writing session. “He told me that I owed it to him to let him see me naked,” she said. A year later, she was fired from the show.

His Response:

A rep for Weiner denied Gordon’s accusation, saying, “Mr. Weiner spent eight to 10 hours a day writing dialogue aloud with Miss Gordon, who started on Mad Men as his writer's assistant. He does not remember saying this comment nor does it reflect a comment he would say to any colleague.”

The Fallout:

Following Gordon’s account, former Mad Men producer Marti Noxon supported the writer’s story and responded to Weiner’s statement, telling The Hollywood Reporter in a November 17 statement that Weiner is an “‘emotional terrorist’ who will badger, seduce, and even tantrum in an attempt to get his needs met.” She continued, saying, “This personality type cannot help but create an atmosphere where everyone is constantly off guard and unsure where they stand. It is the kind of atmosphere where a comment like ‘You owe it to me to show me your naked body’ may—or may not—be a joke. And it may—or may not—lead to a demotion or even the end of a career.”

JB Lacroix
70/100
Mark Schwahn
After former One Tree Hill writer Audrey Wauchope accused the showrunner of sexual harassment, numerous female cast and crew members joined together to write an open letter, alleging repeated instances of misconduct and abuse by Schwahn. Not long after, the women who make up the cast and crew of his show The Royals published their own letter chronicling instances of sexual harassment by Schwahn on the set of the E! drama.

His Response:

Schwahn has not publicly addressed the allegations.

The Fallout:

On November 16, Schwahn was suspended from The Royals as Lionsgate investigated his behavior. Variety reported on December 21 that Schwahn had been fired. "We have concluded our investigation and Mark will not be returning to The Royals,” a spokesperson for Lionsgate TV said in a statement to Variety.

Five women accused comedian Louis C.K. on November 9 2017 of sexual misconduct detailing to The New York Times alleged...
Rich Fury
71/100
Louis C.K.
Five women accused comedian Louis C.K. on November 9, 2017, of sexual misconduct, detailing to The New York Times alleged incidents that occurred a decade ago in which C.K. exposed himself to and masturbated in front of them.

His Response:

In a statement on November 10, C.K. confirmed the women’s allegations: “These stories are true. At the time I said to myself that what I did was OK because I never showed a woman my dick without asking first, which is also true. But what I learned later in life, too late, is that when you have power over another person, asking them to look at your dick isn’t a question. It’s a predicament for them. The power I had over these women is that they admired me. And I wielded that power irresponsibly.”

The Fallout:

In decisions announced on November 9 and 10, HBO, Netflix, and FX cut ties with the producer, and the distributor of his latest film, I Love You, Daddy, canceled its release. Also on November 10, TBS said it had suspended production on C.K.'s animated comedy The Cops before announcing on January 8 that it was scrapping the project entirely.

By December, C.K. was making his way back to the stand-up circuit, and his material—which went viral at the end of the month via a leaked bootleg recording—seemed to pander to the alt-right. In the recording, he is heard mocking survivors of the Parkland shooting: “You’re young, you should be crazy, you should be unhinged, not in a suit… you’re not interesting," he says. "Because you went to a high school where kids got shot? Why does that mean I have to listen to you? ... You didn’t got shot, you pushed some fat kid in the way, and now I’ve gotta listen to you talking?” He also made disparaging jokes questioning gender identity and mocked people who have intellectual disabilities.

In a New York Times article published November 9 2017 several women accused the hotelierwho is behind such properties as...
Mark Sagliocco
72/100
André Balazs
In a New York Times article published November 9, 2017, several women accused the hotelier—who is behind such properties as the Chateau Marmont, the Standard, and the Mercer—of sexual harassment and groping. Among the women bringing forward allegations was Amanda Anka, the wife of Jason Bateman, who said Balazs grabbed her crotch during a party at one of his hotels.

His Response:

Balazs did not return requests for comment ahead of The New York Times' report detailing the allegations.

The Fallout:

Balazs had stepped down from the board of the Standard in March 2017 to spend more time on his luxury hotels; little else has been reported about the current status of his professional life. On May 3, 2018, Balazs reportedly joined Uma Thurman on the red carpet at the premiere of her movie, The Con Is On.

The Washington Post reported on November 9 2017 that thenAlabama Senate candidate Roy Moore initiated sexual contact...
Brynn Anderson
73/100
Roy Moore
The Washington Post reported on November 9, 2017, that then-Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore initiated sexual contact with a 14-year-old girl when he was 32 and pursued relationships with three other teenage girls when he was in his thirties. At least four additional women came forward after the Post’s initial report, including a woman who said Moore sexually assaulted her when she was 16.

His Response:

Following the first Post story, Moore said in a November 9 statement, “These allegations are completely false and are a desperate political attack by the National Democrat Party and The Washington Post on this campaign.” He later sent a now-deleted tweet claiming that “the Obama-Clinton machine’s liberal media lapdogs just launched the most vicious and nasty round of attacks against me I’ve EVER faced!” and said his campaign was “in the midst of a spiritual battle with those who want to silence our message.”

The Fallout:

The Republican National Committee withdrew funding from Moore’s campaign on November 15, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell called on Moore to drop out of the race (Moore refused). Addressing the allegations on November 21, President Trump reportedly told journalists, “We don’t need a liberal Democrat in that seat” and added, “Roy Moore denies it—that’s all I can say.” By December 4, however, Trump officially endorsed Moore, the RNC had restored funding to the campaign, and Mitch McConnell rescinded his earlier criticism, saying Alabama voters should "make the call."

Moore ultimately lost the December 16 election.

On March 3, 2018, Moore wrote a Facebook post asking for $250,000 in donations from supporters to help face mounting legal bills. Six days later, one of Moore's accusers announced that, spurred by the #MeToo movement, she'd be running for office in Florida.

Alberto E. Rodriguez
74/100
Jeffrey Tambor
In mid-November 2017, at least two members on the cast and crew of the Amazon series Transparent accused Jeffrey Tambor of sexual misconduct and harassment, including making lewd comments. A third accuser said on November 22 Tambor forcibly kissed her on the set of Never Again in 2011 (she was a makeup assistant for the film).

His Response:

Following the allegations from the first two accusers, Tambor issued a statement: “I know I haven’t always been the easiest person to work with. I can be volatile and ill-tempered, and too often I express my opinions harshly and without tact. But I have never been a predator—ever. I am deeply sorry if any action of mine was ever misinterpreted by anyone as being sexually aggressive or if I ever offended or hurt anyone. But the fact is, for all my flaws, I am not a predator and the idea that someone might see me in that way is more distressing than I can express.”

The Fallout:

Amazon launched an investigation into the allegations. Tambor said November 19 that he would be leaving Transparent, telling Deadline, “I’ve already made clear my deep regret if any action of mine was ever misinterpreted by anyone as being aggressive, but the idea that I would deliberately harass anyone is simply and utterly untrue. Given the politicized atmosphere that seems to have afflicted our set, I don’t see how I can return to Transparent.” But in early December, The New York Times reported that the actor seemingly changed course by announcing that he has yet to officially depart from the show. According to a representative for Tambor, “What he said was that given the toxic atmosphere and the politicization on the set, it’s very hard for him to see how he can possibly return. But no final decision for next year has been made, either by Jeffrey or by Amazon.”

On February 15, 2018, Amazon Studios "formally fired" him, announcing he wouldn't return to Transparent. While details of the investigation were not revealed, sources said that his behavior "could not be justified or excused under scrutiny.”

It is still unclear how the show will address Tambor's absence, but creator Jill Solloway released the following statement: “I have great respect and admiration for Van Barnes and Trace Lysette, whose courage in speaking out about their experience on Transparent is an example of the leadership this moment in our culture requires. We are grateful to the many trans people who have supported our vision for Transparent since its inception and remain heartbroken about the pain and mistrust their experience has generated in our community. We are taking definitive action to ensure our workplace respects the safety and dignity of every individual, and are taking steps to heal as a family.”

In May, reports broke that Netflix had nominated Tambor for an Emmy for his work on Arrested Development.

By midNovember 2017 three women had accused the Gossip Girl actor of rape. One of the women actress Kristina Cohen said...
Jeff Spicer
75/100
Ed Westwick
By mid-November 2017, three women had accused the Gossip Girl actor of rape. One of the women, actress Kristina Cohen, said she filed a report with the Los Angeles Police Department. On March 8, 2018, reports of a fourth woman emerged, who accused Westwick in an unrelated lawsuit of holding her hostage for two days while allegedly sexually assaulting her.

His Response:

Following the first allegations from Cohen, Westwick posted a statement to social media saying, "I do not know this woman. I have never forced myself in any manner, on any woman. I certainly have never committed rape."

In response to the second woman’s accusations, Westwick tweeted, "It is disheartening and sad to me that as a result of two unverified and provably untrue social media claims, there are some in this environment who could ever conclude I have had anything to do with such vile and horrific conduct. I have absolutely not, and I am cooperating with the authorities so that they can clear my name as soon as possible."

The Fallout:

The LAPD is investigating Cohen’s allegations, as reported by Deadline on March 26, 2018. After initially pulling an Agatha Christie adaptation that would have starred Westwick, the BBC reshot sections of the drama and completely cut the actor from project, replacing him with Christian Cooke. The BBC also paused filming on the actor’s comedy series White Gold. As of June 14, the show's webpage was still live, but it wasn't available through streaming or regular broadcast.

At the end of July, Los Angeles County prosecutors decided not to file rape charges against Westwick, due to insufficient evidence.

Michael Tran
76/100
Brett Ratner
Six women, including actresses Olivia Munn and Natasha Henstridge, accused the director of unwanted sexual advances in a Los Angeles Times investigation published November 1, 2017—with Munn recalling a 2004 incident in which she was asked to bring food to the filmmakers' on-set trailer and found a naked Ratner masturbating while holding a shrimp cocktail. In a subsequent November 10 Facebook post, actress Ellen Page accused Ratner of sexual harassment and of outing her when she was 18 years old and filming X-Men: The Last Stand. Several additional women have also accused Ratner of misconduct, saying that he and producer Russell Simmons engaged in sexual harassment together.

His Response:

Ratner’s attorney Marty Singer wrote a 10-page letter to the Times defending his client, with the following included in the investigation's publication: “I have represented Mr. Ratner for two decades, and no woman has ever made a claim against him for sexual misconduct or sexual harassment,” Singer said. “Furthermore, no woman has ever requested or received any financial settlement from my client.” Variety reported on November 1 that Ratner had filed a libel suit against a woman who accused him of being a “rapist” in a Facebook post.

The Fallout:

After it was reported that she would not film Wonder Woman 2 if Ratner was involved—he helped finance the first film—actress Gal Gadot told Today that the filmmaker would not be involved in the production of the sequel (however, this decision was made prior to Gadot’s initial remarks).

On March 1, 2018, Ratner's legal team asked for permission to question, under oath, the woman who accused him over Facebook as part of the libel lawsuit.

On June 1, The Hollywood Reporter published an article with sources saying that Ratner was looking to make a comeback by directing the upcoming Rush Hour 4, though "studio sources" denied it.

Three women accused the Entourage actor of sexual misconduct at the beginning of November 2017 including several...
Daniel Zuchnik
77/100
Jeremy Piven
Three women accused the Entourage actor of sexual misconduct at the beginning of November 2017, including several allegations of sexual assault.

Two months later, the total number of women alleging sexual misconduct grew to eight, including three more women who made their allegations to BuzzFeed on January 27.

His Response:
Piven denied one accuser's specific allegations, saying in a statement to People on November 9, “Let me be absolutely clear, this simply did not happen. I would never force myself on a woman, ever. I cannot speak as to why a person would create a story like this.”

Following the two additional November allegations, he expanded on his comment further in a tweet on the ninth.

In response to the late January 2018 allegations, his lawyers said they were “conjured up in an opportunistic effort to capitalize on the current media storm in order to obtain attention and/or money.” Piven also responded: “These allegations, which in one case goes back more than 30 years and the two others more than 20 years ago, are false. As evidenced by the lie detector test I took and passed, I have never forced myself on anyone, nor have I ever exposed myself or restrained anyone against their will. To the contrary, if any woman ever said no, I stopped.”

The Fallout:

A pretaped interview on The Late Show With Stephen Colbert was canceled following the initial allegations. CBS also announced in late November that they'd be dropping his show, Wisdom of the Crowd. As mentioned above, Piven offered to take a lie detector test to refute the claims and reportedly passed “with no signs of deception.”

Anna Graham Hunter who at 17 was an intern on the set of 1985's Death of a Salesman told The Hollywood Reporter on...
Gilbert Carrasquillo
78/100
Dustin Hoffman
Anna Graham Hunter, who at 17 was an intern on the set of 1985's Death of a Salesman, told The Hollywood Reporter on November 1, 2017, that on set Hoffman “was openly flirtatious, he grabbed my ass, he talked about sex to me and in front of me.” On December 15, two more women accused him of sexual assault and a third woman says he exposed himself to her when she was a teenager.

His Response:

In a statement to THR included in Hunter's account, Hoffman said, “I have the utmost respect for women and feel terrible that anything I might have done could have put her in an uncomfortable situation. I am sorry. It is not reflective of who I am."

The Fallout:

The effects the allegations could have on Hoffman’s current career options have yet to be seen. In early December, Last Week Tonight host John Oliver grilled him during a panel he was moderating—an effort, Oliver says, meant to try to get Hoffman to self-reflect.

As reported by The  Hollywood Reporter on October 31 2017 at least four people on the set of Dicks thenfilm Raising...
Jason LaVeris
79/100
Andy Dick
As reported by The Hollywood Reporter on October 31, 2017, at least four people on the set of Dick’s then-film, Raising Buchanan, accused the actor of unwanted groping, kissing, licking, and sexual propositioning.

His Response:

As Dick told The Hollywood Reporter the same day allegations were made public: "I didn't grope anybody. I might have kissed somebody on the cheek to say goodbye and then licked them. That's my thing—I licked Carrie Fisher at a roast. It's me being funny. I'm not trying to sexually harass people.”

"I didn't grab anybody's genitals. Of course I'm going to proposition people. I'm single, depressed, lonely, and trying to get a date. They can just say no, and they probably did, and then I was done."

The Fallout:

Dick was fired from the indie film the day the allegations broke. Judd Apatow also announced that Dick wouldn't be returning to Netflix's Love show, where he played himself in seasons one and two. On November 1, Vulture reported that Dick had been fired from a film on October 18 for allegedly "sexually assaulting a crew member, multiple accusations of sexual harassment, and appearing intoxicated." On February 21, 2018, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Dick had allegedly licked the assistant of a photographer shooting for a profile of Dick for Germany's Der Spiegel magazine.

According to a New York Times article published November 1 2017 three women accused Michael Oreskes the thenhead of news...
Chuck Zoeller
80/100
Michael Oreskes
According to a New York Times article published November 1, 2017, three women accused Michael Oreskes, the then-head of news at NPR, of sexual harassment. Two of the alleged incidents reportedly occurred while Oreskes was the Washington bureau chief of the Times, and the alleged third reportedly during his tenure with NPR. An external investigation of how NPR handled the allegations, reported on by NPR on February 20, 2018, revealed that questions about his behavior with women were flagged both before his hire and through his time at the organization.

His Response:

In a statement on November 1, 2017, Oreskes said, “I am deeply sorry to the people I hurt. My behavior was wrong and inexcusable, and I accept full responsibility.”

The Fallout:

Oreskes was asked to resign from his post at NPR—and did so—on November 1. In late February 2018, NPR announced new measures to help shift its workplace culture, including changes in management structure, the creation of a diversity committee, and pay audits.

Numerous women brought forward complaints after interactions with Fish the publisher and president of The New Republic. ...
Astrid Stawiarz
81/100
Hamilton Fish
Numerous women brought forward complaints after interactions with Fish, the publisher and president of The New Republic.

His Response:

In an email to employees at the beginning of November 2017, Fish wrote, “As I understand it, some employees, to my deep dismay, complained this week that my presence had led them to feel uncomfortable at The New Republic. Women have longstanding and profound concerns with respect to their treatment in the workplace. Many men have a lot to learn in this regard. I know I do, and I hope for and encourage that new direction.”

The Fallout:

Fish resigned from The New Republic on November 3 after being placed on leave for a week, and the publication will continue an investigation into his behavior. On March 12, 2018, Rachel Rosenfelt took over as vice president and publisher.

In an interview with BuzzFeed published October 30 2017 actor Anthony Rapp accused Spacey of making a sexual advance...
Daniel Zuchnik
82/100
Kevin Spacey
In an interview with BuzzFeed published October 30, 2017, actor Anthony Rapp accused Spacey of making a sexual advance toward him when he was 14 years old and Spacey was in his twenties. Since then, numerous others have come forward with allegations of sexual harassment and misconduct. Among them: eight current or former cast and crew members on House of Cards—including one production assistant who said Spacey sexually assaulted him—as well as 20 individuals who worked with Spacey at London’s Old Vic theater.

His Response:

Following Rapp’s interview, Spacey released a statement apologizing for the incident, saying he did not “remember the encounter,” and came out as gay man. In the aftermath of the numerous other allegations, a representative for the actor told Variety, “Kevin Spacey is taking the time necessary to seek evaluation and treatment.”

The Fallout:

Spacey was suspended from House of Cards and dropped from several other projects that were in the works, including the movie All the Money in the World, which had already been completed (his role was reshot with Christopher Plummer instead). On January 31, 2018, Netflix announced they'd be replacing Spacey in the sixth and final season of House of Cards with Diane Lane and Greg Kinnear, reworking the season to focus on Claire Underwood's character instead. On February 28, Spacey's foundation in the U.K. shut down. CinemaBlend reported on June 14 that Billionaire Boys Club, which Spacey filmed two and a half years ago, will be released in July.

According to the New York Times, prosecutors declined to move forward with a case in which a man accused Spacey of sexually assaulting him in 1992, citing statute of limitations. Prosecutors are looking into an additional allegation received on Aug. 21.

On Christmas Eve, the Cape and Islands, Massachusetts, district attorney announced that Spacey would be charged for felony sexual assault, following a December 20 public show-cause hearing. On January 7, Spacey is set to be arraigned on a charge of indecent assault and battery in Nantucket District Court. The charge stems from an alleged assault in July 2016 on a then 18-year-old male at a bar in town. Spacey had formally requested that district Judge Thomas Barrett waive his court appearance requirement, citing “that this court excuse my physical presence at the arraignment as I reside out-of-state and believe that my presence will amplify the negative publicity already generated in connection with this case.” The judge denied his request on Jan. 2. According to an affidavit, Spacey has also expressed that he wishes to “enter a plea of not guilty.”

Bizarrely, Spacey posted a video to his Twitter on Christmas Eve as the news broke titled "Let Me Be Frank." It appeared to be a response to the allegations but done in character as Frank Underwood, his former role on House of Cards. "Of course, some believed everything and have been just waiting with bated breath to hear me confess it all. They're just dying to have me declare that everything said is true and that I got what I deserved. Only you and I both know it's never that simple, not in politics and not in life," he says in the video. "All this presumption made for such an unsatisfying ending, and to think it could have been such a memorable sendoff."

He continues in the video: "I can promise you this. If I didn't pay the price for the things we both know I did do, I'm certainly not going to pay the price for the things I didn't do."

On December 30, Spacey was spotted out in Baltimore wearing a "Retired Since 2017" hat.

On October 24 2017 actress Heather Lind alleged that the former president touched her backside during a photo op four...
David Hume Kennerly
83/100
George H.W. Bush
On October 24, 2017, actress Heather Lind alleged that the former president touched her backside during a photo op four years ago. Since then, multiple women have come forward saying that Bush senior had initiated similar unwanted sexual contact—with one woman telling CNN he groped her while he was still president in 1992 and several saying that Bush told the same joke as he touched them: “Do you know who my favorite magician is? David Cop-a-Feel.”

His Response:

Following the initial allegations, Bush spokesman Jim McGrath issued the following statement on October 26: "At age 93, President Bush has been confined to a wheelchair for roughly five years, so his arm falls on the lower waist of people with whom he takes pictures. To try to put people at ease, the president routinely tells the same joke—and on occasion, he has patted women's rears in what he intended to be a good-natured manner. Some have seen it as innocent; others clearly view it as inappropriate. To anyone he has offended, President Bush apologizes most sincerely."

The Fallout:

To be determined.

In late October 2017 five women accused the veteran political analyst of sexual harassment alleging that he kissed...
Frederick M. Brown
84/100
Mark Halperin
In late October 2017, five women accused the veteran political analyst of sexual harassment, alleging that he kissed, groped, and pressed his genitals against them without consent. By October 27, according to CNN, at least one dozen women had accused him of harassment.

His Response:

Halperin apologized on October 27 for his “outrageous conduct," saying, “I am profoundly sorry for the pain and anguish I have caused by my past actions. I apologize sincerely to the women I mistreated.” He also denied some of the allegations made against them.

The Fallout:

On October 26, HBO canceled a planned adaptation of Halperin’s book documenting the 2012 election, Double Down: Game Change 2012, and his forthcoming book chronicling the 2016 race was dropped. Halperin was dismissed on October 30 from NBC and MSNBC. On January 3, 2018, Showtime announced that they were replacing him in an upcoming docuseries with female CBS morning news anchor Alex Wagner.

In a lawsuit reported by the New York Times on October 25 2017 nine women accused art industry titan and Artforum...
Aaron Davidson
85/100
Knight Landesman
In a lawsuit reported by the New York Times on October 25, 2017, nine women accused art industry titan and Artforum publisher Knight Landesman of sexual harassment, saying he groped them and sent them suggestive text messages. All in all, around two dozen women have reportedly made allegations against him.

His Response:

In an email to Artnet News, the contents of which were published October 24, Landesman wrote, “I fully recognize that I have tested certain boundaries, which I am working hard to correct. I have never willfully or intentionally harmed anyone. However, I am fully engaged in seeking help to insure that my behavior with both friends and colleagues is above reproach in the future.”

The Fallout:

Landesman resigned on October 25 from his role at Artforum magazine and was later removed from its board of directors. In December, Artforum and Landesman moved to dismiss the lawsuit brought by one of the magazine's former employees, who had accused Landesman of sexual harassment. As of February 9, 2018, he was still listed as a co-owner of Artforum. In a statement issued the same day, the magazine said that there are "no legal means by which Artforum can simply divest him of his shares" though it was "actively engaged" in recovering them.

More than a dozen women have accused the actor of sexual harassment and assault including actresses Julianna Margulies...
Paul Archuleta
86/100
Steven Seagal
More than a dozen women have accused the actor of sexual harassment and assault, including actresses Julianna Margulies, Portia de Rossi, Jenny McCarthy, Lisa Guerrero, and Rachel Grant. In a November 8, 2017, tweet, de Rossi described an audition she had with Seagal: “He told me how important it was to have chemistry offscreen as he sat me down and unzipped his leather pants.” These are not the first accusations of sexual misconduct against the actor, and Seagal was previously sued for sexual assault. By January 2018, at least two women had filed police reports about Seagal with the Los Angeles Police Department.

His Response:

Seagal has remained quiet on the newest crop of allegations, but a rep denied McCarthy’s claims in an October 2017 statement to The Daily Beast. He also denied Grant's allegations in a statement from his lawyers published January 15, 2018.

The Fallout:

According to an article published by Variety on January 12, the LAPD confirmed that they had opened a sexual assault investigation against Seagal, with the alleged incident occurring in 2005. As of February, he was endorsing a new type of cryptocurrency that ran into some legal trouble in New Jersey.

On August 5, news broke that Russia had named Seagal a "special representative" for US-Russia humanitarian ties, promoting relations between the countries "in the sphere of culture, public and youth exchanges," per CNN.

According to the New York Times, prosecutors declined to charge Seagal after he was accused of sexually assaulting an 18-year-old woman in 1993, citing statute of limitations expiration. They are reviewing another allegation against him.

A longstanding editor at  The New Republic Wieseltier was accused by multiple women of sexual harassment and...
Dan Balilty
87/100
Leon Wieseltier
A longstanding editor at The New Republic, Wieseltier was accused by multiple women of sexual harassment and inappropriate advances. According to the women who came forward via The New York Times on October 24, 2017, “Male staff members routinely witnessed Mr. Wieseltier’s behavior and did nothing.” As Glamour contributor and former New Republic staffer Hillary Kelly told The Atlantic on October 27, “A male colleague, who was a friend of mine, teased me that I looked like I was going to a funeral. Leon overheard the conversation and said, ‘The only problem with that dress is that it’s not tight enough.' More than once, before a function outside the office, he’d tell me to ‘wear something tight’ and then wink or smile.” In a Vox essay published November 9, a former assistant editor at the New Republic wrote an essay alleging Wieseltier kissed her without her consent, adding that when she reported it to the male editor of the magazine, she was dismissed.

His Response:

Wieseltier apologized for his actions in an October 24 statement, saying, "For my offenses against some of my colleagues in the past I offer a shaken apology and ask for their forgiveness. The women with whom I worked are smart and good people. I am ashamed to know that I made any of them feel demeaned and disrespected. I assure them I will not waste this reckoning.”

The Fallout:

Wieseltier was fired from the Emerson Collective on October 24, and the organization also canceled a new magazine Wieseltier had been working on. On November 24, the Brookings Institution, at which Wieseltier was a senior fellow, suspended him without pay.

Fernando Leon
88/100
Terry Richardson
Longstanding allegations against the fashion photographer resurfaced on October 23, 2017, in the aftermath of the Harvey Weinstein scandal—including claims of sexual harassment and exploitation by numerous models who have said Richardson coerced them into performing sexual acts during photo shoots.

His Response:

Richardson has continuously denied the claims but in a statement to The Daily Beast on October 24, a spokeswoman confirmed the sexual nature of some of his work, saying, "He is an artist who has been known for his sexually explicit work, so many of his professional interactions with subjects were sexual and explicit in nature but all of the subjects of his work participated consensually."

The Fallout:

Numerous fashion brands, including Valentino and Bulgari, as well as publishing company Condé Nast (which publishes Glamour) pledged to stop working with Richardson. As of the beginning of January, New York police were investigating Richardson.

Michael Kovac
89/100
James Toback
Nearly 40 women spoke to the Los Angeles Times about allegations of sexual harassment by the director in an article published October 22, 2017. Several described incidents in which Toback pressed his crotch against them or masturbated in front of them. Following the initial report, more than 200 additional women came forward with stories of misconduct against Toback, including actresses Rachel McAdams and Selma Blair. As of January 7, 2018, the number of women accusing Toback of sexual misconduct numbered 395—and those were just those who reached out to the Los Angeles Times to report it.

His Response:

Toback denied the allegations and told the Times it would be “biologically impossible” for him to have committed these actions due to several medical conditions. He also offered an expletive-filled denial to Rolling Stone.

The Fallout:

Toback was dropped by his longtime agent, as reported by The Hollywood Reporter on October 22. Several women told the Times that they’d reached out to the Manhattan District Attorney’s office to file complaints. As of January 3, 2018, prosecutors in Los Angeles were weighing five criminal charges against him, but they were dropped in early April—four due to expired statutes of limitations, one reportedly because the accuser "stopped cooperating" with detectives and didn't agree to an interview with prosecutors.

Michael Loccisano
90/100
John Besh
On October 21, 2017, in an article published by Nola.com, 25 women accused John Besh, the celebrity chef and owner of the Besh Restaurant Group, of sexual harassment. They also said Besh fostered a corporate culture in which men allegedly “touched female employees without consent, made suggestive comments about their appearance and—in a few cases—tried to leverage positions of authority for sex.”

His Response:

Besh apologized for his behavior in an October 21 statement, saying, “I alone am entirely responsible for my moral failings. This is not the way the head of a company like ours should have acted, let alone a husband and father. But it should not taint our incredible team of more than 1,000 employees, nor undermine our unyielding commitment to treating everyone with respect and dignity, regardless of gender, race, age and sexual preference."

The Fallout:

The restaurateur stepped down from his restaurant company's operations on October 23 following the allegations. In December, he was also cut from an upcoming episode of Top Chef after serving as a guest judge for numerous seasons. As of January 18, 2018, according to the New York Times, Besh remains an owner in the renamed BRG Hospitality Company, with "full approval on major business decisions."

Hal Horowitz
91/100
Lockhart Steele
At least one former Vox Media employee accused Steele, then the site’s editorial director, of sexual harassment and kissing her in a taxi without her consent. Her post was published October 12, 2017.

His Response:

Vox CEO Jim Bankoff wrote in a Slack message to the company that Steele "admitted engaging in conduct that is inconsistent with our core values and will not be tolerated at Vox Media."

The Fallout:

Steele was fired by Vox Media on October 19.

DPA
92/100
Robert Scoble
Several women in Silicon Valley accused technologist and writer Robert Scoble of sexual assault and harassment. Among them was journalist Quinn Norton, who alleged on October 19, 2017, that Scoble groped her at a tech conference in the early 2010s on her Medium page. The same day, Michelle Greer, a former coworker of Scoble, accused him of groping her at a tech conference in 2010.

His Response:

On October 21, USA Today published an interview in which Scoble said the alleged behavior occurred when he was struggling with a drinking problem. "I did some things that are really, really hurtful to the women and I feel ashamed by that," Scoble told the outlet. "I have taken many steps to try to get better because I knew some of this was potentially going to come out." He also said he did not remember the incident cited by Norton.

Four days later, in a lengthy statement on his blog, Scoble denied any accounts of wrongdoing and questioned the journalistic integrity of the sites that originally reported the allegations: “Even the most rudimentary fact check by news outlets would have caught a few obvious things. If I were guilty of all the things said about me, I would still not be in a position to have sexually harassed anyone.”

The Fallout:

Scoble’s business partner, Shel Israel, announced in an October 22 Facebook post that Scoble resigned as a partner of the Transformation Group, LLC. On June 28, 2018, Scoble will appear as a keynote speaker at the ISPO Digitize event in Munich.

Vivien Killilea
93/100
Chris Savino
At least 12 women came forward with sexual harassment allegations in October 2017 against Chris Savino, the creator of the Nickelodeon show Loud House. Accusations included unwanted sexual advances and threats of professional retaliation after ending consensual relationships—and rumors of such behavior trailed Savino for over a decade.

His Response:

In a Facebook post published October 23, Savino acknowledged the allegations, writing, "I am deeply sorry and ashamed. Although it was never my intention, I now understand that the impact of my actions and communications created an unacceptable environment.”

The Fallout:

Savino was fired by Nickelodeon on October 19. On May 30, 2018, the Cartoon Guild (a trade union representing animation artists in L.A.) suspended Savino for one year as part of a plea arrangement he made with the union. Other terms reportedly include 40 hours of community service, a $4,000 fine paid to a charitable organization of the union artists' choice, a certificate of sexual harassment training, ongoing therapy, and a letter to each of the guild's member studios letting them know about the union's ruling.

The Man in the High Castle producer Isa Hackett accused the thenAmazon Studios head Roy Price of sexual harassment on...
Craig Barritt
94/100
Roy Price
The Man in the High Castle producer Isa Hackett accused the then-Amazon Studios head Roy Price of sexual harassment on October 12, 2017, saying he made lewd comments to her and tried to pressure her for sex.

His Response:

Price declined to comment on the allegations, but a representative for Amazon gave The Hollywood Reporter the following statement when the publication's story broke: "We take seriously any questions about the conduct of our employees. We expect people to set high standards for themselves; we encourage people to raise any concerns, and we make it a priority to investigate and address them. Accordingly, we looked closely at this specific concern and addressed it directly with those involved."

The Fallout:

Price resigned from Amazon Studios five days after the THR story was published. In February 2018, Jennifer Salke (formerly of NBC) replaced him after the company was reported to deliberately be considering female candidates to assume Price's former role.

Several women including actress Hilarie Burton and makeup artist Annamarie Tendler accused the actor of groping in...
NBC
95/100
Ben Affleck
Several women, including actress Hilarie Burton and makeup artist Annamarie Tendler, accused the actor of groping in October 2017.

His Response:

Affleck tweeted almost immediately in response to Burton’s October 11 allegations, saying, “I acted inappropriately toward Ms. Burton and I sincerely apologize.” Affleck has not addressed Tendler’s claims.

The Fallout:

Affleck used his promotional tour for his film Justice League to control his own talking points and address these allegations, as well as the culture of sexual harassment in Hollywood. "This is just the kind of thing that we have to, as men, as we become more aware of it, be really, really mindful of our behavior and hold ourselves accountable,” he told Stephen Colbert during a November 16 appearance on The Late Show.

MICHAEL CAMPANELLA
96/100
Oliver Stone
Following Oliver Stone’s October 13, 2017, comments seemingly defending Harvey Weinstein, multiple women accused the director of sexual harassment, including model Carrie Stevens, who said Stone once grabbed her breast at a party. Patricia Arquette also tweeted on October 13 about a "weird" encounter she had with him. On November 21, actress Melissa Gilbert said that he sexually harassed her during an audition for the 1991 film The Doors.

His Response:

On November 22, Stone denied Gilbert’s claims in a statement to USA Today, saying, “We auditioned dozens of actors for roles in The Doors, and it was made clear from the outset that our film was going to be a raunchy, no-holds-barred rock ‘n’ roll movie. Anyone auditioning was told the scenes would be rehearsed and performed from a script, with my casting director, Risa Bramon Garcia, present throughout the process to ensure a safe environment for all actors who auditioned."

The Fallout:

After his initial remarks saying that what Weinstein was going through was “not easy,” Stone attempted to clarify his remarks and, on October 13, recused himself from a project that was affiliated with the Weinstein Company.

Andy Signore the thensenior vice president of content at Defy Media who worked on popular YouTube series like Screen...
Albert L. Ortega/WireImage
97/100
Andy Signore
Andy Signore, the then-senior vice president of content at Defy Media, who worked on popular YouTube series like Screen Junkies and Honest Trailers—was accused of sexual harassment by multiple women in early October 2017. At least five women shared their accounts on social media, including April O’Donnell who said Signore repeatedly tried to sexually assault her, and Emma Bowers, who said Signore tried to masturbate in front of her.

His Response:

Signore has not spoken publicly about the allegations, but his lawyer denied the allegations.

The Fallout:

Signore was suspended from Defy Media on on October 6, 2017, and fired two days later.

Ryan Adams at the Capitol Records 75th Anniversary Gala
Getty Images
98/100
Ryan Adams
On February 13, 2019, the New York Times published an exposé in which several women accused musician Ryan Adams of sexual harassment. Ava, who the Times identified with her middle name because she was a minor at the time of the alleged incident, claims that Adams started to harass her when she was 14. She alleges that Adams exposed himself to her during Skype sex and repeatedly asked for sexual photos. In texts Ava shared with the Times, Adams wrote: “If people knew they would say I was like R Kelley lol,” “I just want you to touch your nipple,” and “tell me that your mom is not gonna kill me if she finds out we even text.”

His ex-wife, Mandy Moore, also detailed the psychological abuse she allegedly suffered during their marriage. “His controlling behavior essentially did block my ability to make new connections in the industry during a very pivotal and potentially lucrative time — my entire mid-to-late 20s,” she told the Times. His reported behavior exposes a pattern of offering to help young women, sometimes underage, start their career, and then sexually pursuing them.

His Response:

Through his lawyer, Adams has denied all of the allegations.

The Fallout:

The New York Times reports that the FBI is opening an inquiry into whether Adams committed a crime by "engaging in sexually explicit communications with an underage fan" and Variety says that his upcoming album release is on hold.

On March 1, reports broke that Adams' scheduled tour of the U.K. and Ireland had been cancelled in light of the allegations against the singer. "The Ryan Adams UK & Ireland tour has been cancelled," Ticketmaster Ireland tweeted, adding that tickets purchased from "authori[z]ed outlets" would be fully refunded.

On March 25 Texasbased activist Candice Russell wrote a lengthy post on Medium in which she accused Willie Parker M.D....
Neilson Barnard
99/100
Dr. Willie Parker
On March 25, Texas-based activist Candice Russell wrote a lengthy post on Medium in which she accused Willie Parker, M.D., of sexual misconduct and inappropriate behavior. Parker is a prominent doctor, abortion rights advocate, and public speaker who wrote the book Life’s Work: A Moral Argument for Choice and who currently chairs the Board of Physicians for Reproductive Health.

According to Russell, Parker's misconduct toward women has been an open secret in reproductive rights circles—she cites "stories about his inappropriate and predatory behavior, which had become increasingly prevalent" in her Medium article. She also insinuates that she was too drunk to consent to sex one night with Parker: "My memories of the night I spent with Willie are as out of focus and frayed around the edges as you would expect them to be after four martinis and an entire bottle of wine, gaps and spaces in time where things get too blurry to be able to make out."

Russell said videos taken of Parker dancing uncomfortably close to a woman at an event led her to speak out. "I hadn’t gone back to that place in my mind in a very long time when I watched those videos. Eventually I found out that I wasn’t an exception to some rule but a repeated pattern," she explained in her piece.

His response:

Parker also went on Medium to publish a response. In it, he says that he knew Russell as a friend and maintains that their sexual encounter was consensual. He thanks her in the post for writing and opening up an opportunity for him to respond to allegations.

"First, Candice is entitled to her story. I don’t know why she is now remembering the whole of our acquaintance or our sexual encounter differently, but her story is her story. I don’t have to call her a liar. Every person who feels like they have been wronged has a right to be heard," Parker said.

In response to allegations of Russell being too drunk to consent, he said, "I have never had sex with anyone without obtaining their consent or giving mine. Consent is core to my practice of medicine, and for precisely the same reason it has been core to my sexual practices as well. I could not take someone for surgery who has been drinking, and I wouldn’t take someone to bed who had been drinking either. There was nothing about Candice’s behavior on that night that would have indicated to me that she was intoxicated."

The fallout:The National Network of Abortion Funds released a statement saying that it stands “is in solidarity with those who have come forward” with allegations against Parker. One of the network's internal national abortion funds had previously been named after Parker, but it had already been in the process of being merged and renamed before the allegations surfaced. Those efforts will continue.

David Blaine performs onstage during the Onward18 Conference  Day 2 on October 24 2018 in New York City
Getty Images
100/100
David Blaine
The New York Police Department is currently investigating two sexual-assault complaints against magician David Blaine, according to the Daily Beast. However, one of the accusations might fall outside the statue of limitations—since one of the women alleges that Blaine sexually assaulted her in his Manhattan apartment in 1998.

This isn't the first time Blaine has been accused of sexual assault. Two years ago, former model Natasha Prince came forward in 2017 alleging that Blaine raped her in London, in 2004. Scotland Yard detectives declined to take further action after investigating her claim.

His Response:

Blaine has denied Prince's accusation, and has yet to comment on the NYPD's investigation.

The Fallout:

TBD.

Sponsored Stories
 How To: Reduce Sagging Jowls
CITY BEAUTY
How To: Reduce Sagging Jowls
 These Italian-made Leather Flats Are As Comfy As Sneakers
EVERLANE ON T+L
These Italian-made Leather Flats Are As Comfy As Sneakers
 Forget Skinny Jeans. These Are What You Should Be Wearing This Summer.
WHOWHATWEAR.COM
Forget Skinny Jeans. These Are What You Should Be Wearing This Summer.
 Top Surgeon: How To Properly Flush Out Your Bowels
TOTAL RESTORE SUPPLEMENT
Top Surgeon: How To Properly Flush Out Your Bowels
 Doctor Says Don't Cover Up Your Dark Spots - (Try This Instead)
GUNDRY MD
Doctor Says Don't Cover Up Your Dark Spots - (Try This Instead)
 Top Plastic Surgeon Admits: "You Can Firm Your Face At Home - Here's How"
FIRM & BALANCE MINERAL MASK
Top Plastic Surgeon Admits: "You Can Firm Your Face At Home - Here's How"
POWERED BY 
Read More

icon
Entertainment
Charlize Theron, Seth Rogen, and Boyz II Men Review the 1990s
By Glamour

icon
Entertainment
K.J. Apa, Tyler Posey and More of the Cast of "The Last Summer" Take a Friendship Test
By Glamour

icon
Entertainment
Women with Different Salaries on What They're Saving For
By Glamour

icon
Beauty
Exactly What to Buy From Sephora’s Massive Spring Sale
By Tara Gonzalez
Glamour logo
Authentic, Accessible, Relevant

MORE FROM GLAMOUR

SEE MORE STORIES

Site Map
RSS Feeds
Accessibility Help
Condé Nast Store
Contact Glamour
© 2019 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (updated 5/25/18) and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement (updated 5/25/18) and Your California Privacy Rights. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

263
celebrities, politicians, CEOs, and others who have been accused of sexual misconduct since April 2017
Scroll down
TYSON O'REILLY RONALDO HANNITY KALANICK CALDBECK MCCLURE SACCA KELLY BOLLING POLANSKI ELNASHAI BELOVE JAEGER PAYNE KNOWLES WEINSTEIN MARCHANT NELLY AFFLECK STONE PRICE TRUMP VON TRIER GRASHAM WEINSTEIN COURTNEY SCOBLE SAVINO BLAINE STEELE BESH TOBACK JENNINGS KATH LANDESMAN WIESELTIER GUERRERO BUSH HALPERIN BAKER BOCANEGRA WEBSTER FISH SPACEY WHALEN KELLEY HEATHERTON PIVEN DICK ORESKES HOFFMAN RATNER CARTER CORN MASTERSON RUBIN VENIT HAFFORD MENDOZA MARSHALL WESTWICK TAMBOR KNEPPER SIMMONS BALAZS WEINER C.K. MOORE SEAGAL LEBSOCK SMYRE TAKEI KREISBERG GODDARD DREYFUSS WENNER BERGANZA NASSAR JENSEN SCHWAHN INGENITO SIZEMORE LACEY KRUSE LARSEN HENRY JEREMY STALLONE FRANKEN ZIMMERMAN MILLER GOODMAN THRUSH CONYERS ROSE LASSETER ARNAULT KEILLOR LAUER RUSH PISHEVAR FARENTHOLD HOROVITZ HOCKENBERRY KIHUEN LEVINE DABABNEH MARTINS SINGER MARTINEZ ISALY URESTI MILES STEIN HOWARD FRANKS FORD JR. ASHBROOK HEELY KOZINSKI MCNABB WEINBERGER EVANS TAYLOR FAULK LIZZA BATALI JOHNSON FRIEDMAN SMILEY KERN MURRAY SPURLOCK SCOTT OGDEN RAMSEY MILLER MARSHALL SCHWARTZ LOPATE HAZEN LEWANDOWSKI MOJICA JAMES GERMANO CREIGHTON HALLOWELL CARRASQUILLO AYERS HARMON BUTTS SCHULTZ SAVAGE TOOKER BRAUN HAGGIS VEREEN LEE GREITENS KLEIN ROSEN FRANCO ANSARI TESTINO WEBER KRAMER MUQTAR DOUGLAS LEVINSOHN MEEHAN MOORE LUBIN KENNEALLY COPPERFIELD STRIDER WYNN BAIO WALK CANDAPPA WITTY PACELLE SHAPIRO MARCIANO CIRRINCIONE ZWERDLING KLEIN GARCIA HUTCHISON CRANE TEMPLER BELLEMERE KADEL PASSOS SABAL DEMARCHELIER KETTLE SNEED USSERY HANDLER FEINBERG KRAUSS BERK SEACREST DOMÍNGUEZ FRANKLIN JONES ALEXIE ISABELLA FERRO REECE HYBELS RANIERE STRAMPEL KRICFALUSI NIXON SPARKS JACOBY STRONG MACK BROKAW CÁRDENAS JOHNSON DÍAZ SCHNEIDERMAN VANN TYNDALL TINSLEY BESSON JR. FREEMAN HARDWICK MELLOR AYALA HILL CAPORELLA RODRIGUEZ KRATOCHVIL DAY WATT GUILFOYLE COLEMAN SAUER MOONVES RONELL ARGENTO FRIEDEN FINLAY CARLSON PARNEROS DEPARDIEU STRIEGEL KEYES KAVANAUGH WILSON SCHWERTNER ALVAREZ SINGHAL DEVAUL RUBIN BAUMAN WEATHERLY SHAW
Updated: Jan. 9, 2019

The list keeps getting longer.

Since April 2017, more than 250 powerful people — celebrities, politicians, CEOs, and others — have been the subject of sexual harassment, assault, or other misconduct allegations. More survivors are coming forward nearly every day, many of them inspired and emboldened by those who have gone before.

Vox has compiled — and continues to update — a running list of influential people from a variety of industries who have faced new public accusations of sexual misconduct since Fox News host Bill O’Reilly was forced to resign in April 2017.

We decided to start our list with O’Reilly because his departure from Fox helped set the stage for reports against Harvey Weinstein — which, in turn, helped raise awareness around the #MeToo movement and kick off the reckoning around sexual misconduct that continues to this day, in Hollywood, Washington, and around the country.

More than 150 people have been added to the list since it was first published in December 2017. We have also removed two people because we determined they did not fit the criteria for inclusion on the list. One was accused of inappropriate behavior toward women but was not publicly accused of sexual misconduct. The other was in an entry-level position and so was neither powerful nor influential. Click to view the accused in the following fields:

Arts & Entertainment
101
Media
57
Business & Tech
19
Politics
46
Other
40
Arts & Entertainment
Media
Business & Tech
Politics
Other
Back to INDUSTRIES
1 / 101
Photo of Frankie Shaw
Frankie Shaw
Creator and star, Showtime's SMILF
Publicly reported December 17, 2018

Multiple staffers have said she mishandled sex scenes, and one says she took off her own shirt in a dispute over onscreen nudity.

Sources/more info: 1

“She uses this idea of being feminist and a progressive as camouflage.”

anonymous, SMILF staffer
Photo of Michael Weatherly
Michael Weatherly
Actor, CBS's Bull
Publicly reported December 13, 2018

A co-star says he made inappropriate comments to her, including a rape joke. After she confronted him, she was written off the show.

Sources/more info: 1

“My story is true and it’s really affected me.”

Eliza Dushku, actress
Anonymous silhouette
Steven Wilder Striegel
Actor
Publicly reported September 6, 2018

A woman has said he sexually abused her when she was 14. He pleaded guilty to two felonies in 2010 in connection with the allegations, and served six months in jail. 20th Century Fox has deleted a scene featuring him from The Predator.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I have no shame for what was done to me. I am not the one who needs to carry that shame.”

Paige Carnes, who reported that Striegel abused her
Photo of Gerard Depardieu
Gerard Depardieu
Actor
Publicly reported August 30, 2018

An actress has said he raped her. French authorities are investigating.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The actress told police she had been assaulted by the actor twice this month at Depardieu’s home in Paris.”

the New York Magazine vertical The Cut
Photo of Chase Finlay
Chase Finlay
Former principal dancer, New York City Ballet
Publicly reported August 28, 2018

A woman said he shared naked pictures of her without her consent. He has left the New York City Ballet.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“[Finlay] had been secretly recording and saving explicit photographs and videos of [Alexandra Waterbury] while she was without clothing and/or while the two were engaged in sexual activities.”

lawsuit filed by Alexandra Waterbury against New York City Ballet
Photo of Asia Argento
Asia Argento
Actress, director, #MeToo advocate
Publicly reported August 19, 2018

A man says she sexually assaulted him when he was 17. She has been fired from X Factor Italy.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“My trauma resurfaced as she came out as a victim herself.”

Jimmy Bennett, actor
Anonymous silhouette
Rick Day
Photographer
Publicly reported July 24, 2018

Multiple men have reported sexual assault or other sexual misconduct by Day during photo shoots.

Sources/more info: 1 2

[Day] “got way too handsy on just about every part of my body.”

Zach Zakar, model
Photo of Chris Hardwick
Chris Hardwick
Co-founder, Nerdist; host, Talking with Chris Hardwick
Publicly reported June 14, 2018

A woman has said he sexually assaulted and emotionally abused her. AMC suspended his show, but has reinstated it after an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I’m still recovering from being sexually used.”

Chloe Dykstra, actress
Photo of Morgan Freeman
Morgan Freeman
Actor; co-founder, Revelations Entertainment
Publicly reported May 24, 2018

Eight women have alleged sexual harassment and “inappropriate behavior,” including sexually charged remarks and unwanted touching.

Sources/more info: 1

“We knew that if he was coming by … not to wear any top that would show our breasts, not to wear anything that would show our bottoms.”

senior production staff member on the film Now You See Me
Photo of Luc Besson
Luc Besson
Director
Publicly reported May 19, 2018

Multiple people have said he raped, sexually assaulted, or sexually harassed them. French police are investigating the rape allegation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I became his private Barbie doll whom he could control, dress and break.”

Sand Van Roy, actress
Photo of Boyd Tinsley
Boyd Tinsley
Violinist; former member, Dave Matthews Band; member, Crystal Garden
Publicly reported May 17, 2018

A man has sued Tinsley, saying Tinsley subjected him to unwanted touching and masturbated in front of him, among other unwanted behavior, while they were bandmates in Crystal Garden. Tinsley has been fired from the Dave Matthews Band.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“[H]e was masturbating next to me while I was sleeping, and he had his hand on my ass”

James Frost-Winn, trumpet player
Photo of Ameer Vann
Ameer Vann
Rapper; former member, Brockhampton
Publicly reported May 11, 2018

Two women have said he was verbally abusive or emotionally manipulative to them in relationships, and others have made secondhand allegations that he had sex with underage girls. He has since left Brockhampton and the group has issued an apology.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“Not only is he a predator and cheater, he also degrades women”

Rhett Rowan, singer-songwriter
Photo of Junot Díaz
Junot Díaz
Author; creative writing professor, MIT
Publicly reported May 4, 2018

A woman has reported that he forcibly kissed her, and others have said he subjected them to misogynistic or verbally abusive behavior. He has resigned as chair of the Pulitzer Prize Board, and MIT has launched an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I was an unknown wide-eyed 26 yo, and he used it as an opportunity to corner and forcibly kiss me.”

Zinzi Clemmons, author
Photo of Allison Mack
Allison Mack
Actress
Publicly reported April 24, 2018

She has been charged with sex trafficking in connection with allegations that she recruited women to become “slaves” in the group Nxivm.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Ms. Mack was one of the top members of a highly organized scheme which was designed to provide sex to [Nxivm co-founder Keith Raniere]"

assistant US attorney Moira Penza
Photo of Nicholas Nixon
Nicholas Nixon
Photographer; former photography professor, Massachusetts College of Art and Design
Publicly reported April 4, 2018

Multiple former students have said that Nixon made inappropriate comments, sent them inappropriate emails, or asked them to pose nude. He has retired from MassArt and is the subject of a Title IX investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“It felt like the conversation always led back to sex.”

anonymous, to the Boston Globe
Photo of John Kricfalusi
John Kricfalusi
Creator, The Ren & Stimpy Show
Publicly reported March 29, 2018

One woman has said Kricfalusi sexually abused her when she was a minor, while another says he subjected her to sexually inappropriate behavior when she was a minor and later sexually harassed her. Cartoon Network and Adult Swim have said they will not work with him in future.

Sources/more info: 1

“My entire life had been suspended in John’s since I was fourteen.”

Robyn Byrd, professor
Photo of Sherman Alexie
Sherman Alexie
Author
Publicly reported March 5, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he made inappropriate comments or unwanted advances toward them. He has declined a literary prize and delayed the publication of an upcoming memoir.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I […] felt that he had so much power that I should probably not make a fuss about this.”

Elissa Washuta, author
Photo of Jeff Franklin
Jeff Franklin
Former showrunner, Fuller House
Publicly reported February 28, 2018

He has been accused of making inappropriate comments about his sex life in the workplace, and giving women he dated bit parts on Fuller House. He has been dropped from the show, and his TV deal with Warner Bros. will not be renewed.

Sources/more info: 1

“Studio executives were warned that Franklin ‘was a walking lawsuit waiting to happen.’”

Cynthia Littleton, Variety
Photo of Philip Berk
Philip Berk
Former president, Hollywood Foreign Press Association
Publicly reported February 22, 2018

A man has reported that Berk groped him. The HFPA is investigating the incident.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I felt ill. I felt like a little kid. I felt like there was a ball in my throat. I thought I was going to cry.”

Brendan Fraser, actor
Photo of Daniel Handler
Daniel Handler
Author, also known as Lemony Snicket
Publicly reported February 21, 2018

Multiple women say he made inappropriate sexual comments in front of and about them.

Sources/more info: 1

“It was way over the line, and made me feel smaller.”

Allie Jane Bruce, children's librarian
Photo of Patrick Demarchelier
Patrick Demarchelier
Photographer
Publicly reported February 16, 2018

Multiple women have said he made unwanted advances toward them. The magazine publisher Condé Nast has stopped working with him “for the foreseeable future.”

Sources/more info: 1

“It hurts my heart so much to think of how many girls, many my own daughter’s age who have had to fend off or give in to his advances because I didn’t speak up at the time.”

anonymous, in an email to a modeling group
Anonymous silhouette
Seth Sabal
Photographer
Publicly reported February 16, 2018

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed them.

Sources/more info: 1

“Three models have accused Sabal of sexual harassment during the mid-2000s.”

Jenn Abelson and Sacha Pfeiffer, Boston Globe
Anonymous silhouette
Andre Passos
Photographer
Publicly reported February 16, 2018

A woman has said he inserted his fingers into her vagina during a shoot when she was a teenager.

Sources/more info: 1

“Former model Dasha Alexander said she was 15 when he inserted his fingers in her vagina while taking her picture about 20 years ago, saying it would give the photos ‘more emotion.'”

Jenn Abelson and Sacha Pfeiffer, Boston Globe
Photo of Greg Kadel
Greg Kadel
Photographer
Publicly reported February 16, 2018

Multiple women have said he made unwanted advances when they were teenagers, while another said he pressured her to strip naked. Condé Nast and Victoria’s Secret have stopped working with him.

Sources/more info: 1

“Kadel helped the teenager land gig after gig with Victoria’s Secret, all while subjecting her to ongoing harassment, she said, until she refused to work with him”

Jenn Abelson and Sacha Pfeiffer, Boston Globe
Photo of David Bellemere
David Bellemere
Photographer
Publicly reported February 16, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he subjected them to unwanted touching and other inappropriate behavior. Victoria’s Secret has cut ties with him.

Sources/more info: 1

“I felt like I had no choices.”

Madisyn Ritland, model
Photo of Karl Templer
Karl Templer
Stylist
Publicly reported February 16, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he touched them inappropriately or aggressively during shoots.

Sources/more info: 1

“He was trying to get me naked. […] He was trying to pull off my clothes without my permission.”

anonymous, to Boston Globe
Photo of Vincent Cirrincione
Vincent Cirrincione
Talent manager
Publicly reported February 2, 2018

Multiple women have said he made unwanted advances toward them, and several said he preyed specifically on young women of color. He has shut down his agency.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The price I paid for having my good professional relationship with him was giving up my sense of self, of wholeness, of personal worth.”

anonymous, to the Washington Post
Photo of Paul Marciano
Paul Marciano
Co-founder, Guess
Publicly reported February 1, 2018

A woman has reported that he repeatedly subjected her to unwanted touching, kissing, and other advances. He has stepped away from daily responsibilities at Guess.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It took a huge toll on my confidence and self-worth. I wanted to quit modeling.”

Kate Upton, model
Photo of Charlie Walk
Charlie Walk
Former president, the Republic Group
Publicly reported January 29, 2018

Multiple women have accused him of harassment and inappropriate touching. He has left the Republic Group.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“You would instant message me throughout the day making sexual remarks. Truly vulgar words and ideas. Pervasively.”

Tristan Coopersmith, psychotherapist
Photo of Scott Baio
Scott Baio
Actor
Publicly reported January 27, 2018

A woman has reported that Baio sexually abused her when she was a minor, and a man has said Baio sexually harassed him.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He was playing not only on my emotions, but my hormones and all of those things.”

Nicole Eggert, actress
Photo of David Copperfield
David Copperfield
Magician
Publicly reported January 25, 2018

A woman has reported that he drugged and sexually assaulted her when she was 17.

Sources/more info: 1

“I remember my clothes being taken off.”

Brittney Lewis, former model
Photo of Barry Lubin
Barry Lubin
Former clown, Big Apple Circus
Publicly reported January 23, 2018

A woman has reported that he pressured her to pose for pornographic photos when she was 16. He has resigned from the Big Apple Circus.

Sources/more info: 1

“I just felt really confused and lost and ashamed.”

Zoey Dunne, former circus performer
Photo of Michael Douglas
Michael Douglas
Actor
Publicly reported January 18, 2018

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her and masturbated in front of her.

Sources/more info: 1

“I realized he thought he could do anything he wanted because he was so much more powerful than I was.”

Susan Braudy, writer
Anonymous silhouette
Joel Kramer
Stunt coordinator
Publicly reported January 13, 2018

A woman has reported that he sexually abused her when she was underage, and another says he sexually assaulted her. He has been dropped as a client by Worldwide Production Agency.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I was 12, he was 36. It is incomprehensible.”

Eliza Dushku, actress
Photo of Bruce Weber
Bruce Weber
Photographer
Publicly reported January 13, 2018

Multiple men have said he pressured them to pose nude or subjected them to unwanted touching.

Sources/more info: 1

“I felt helpless. […] Like my agency said, he has a lot of power.”

**Josh Ardolf, model
Photo of Mario Testino
Mario Testino
Photographer
Publicly reported January 13, 2018

Multiple men have said he groped them or masturbated in front of them, or made unwanted advances.

Sources/more info: 1

“He was a sexual predator.”

Ryan Locke, model
Photo of Aziz Ansari
Aziz Ansari
Actor, comedian
Publicly reported January 13, 2018

A woman has said he subjected her to unwanted touching and pressure to have sex during a date.

Sources/more info: 1

“I cried the whole ride home. At that point I felt violated.”

Grace, to Babe.net
Photo of James Franco
James Franco
Actor; founder, Studio 4 film school
Publicly reported January 11, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he engaged in inappropriate or sexually exploitative behavior with them.

Sources/more info: 1

“I feel there was an abuse of power, and there was a culture of exploiting non-celebrity women, and a culture of women being replaceable.”

Sarah Tither-Kaplan, actress and filmmaker
Photo of Stan Lee
Stan Lee
Comic book writer; former editor-in-chief, Marvel Comics
Publicly reported January 9, 2018

Multiple nurses have accused Lee of sexually harassing them while they were caring for him, and another woman has alleged that he masturbated in front of her and groped her.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The owner at the nursing company has openly said to people that Stan has sexually harassed every single nurse that has been to the house.”

anonymous, to the Daily Mail
Photo of Ben Vereen
Ben Vereen
Actor, director
Publicly reported January 5, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he subjected them to inappropriate comments or unwanted touching, including pressing his genitals against them.

Sources/more info: 1

“I just felt powerless because I thought I really needed his help and guidance.”

Kim, actress, to the New York Daily News
Photo of Paul Haggis
Paul Haggis
Director, screenwriter
Publicly reported January 5, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he raped or forcibly kissed them. He has resigned as chair of the board for Artists for Peace and Justice, a charity he founded.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I felt like my life could have been over.”

anonymous, to the Associated Press
Photo of Albert Schultz
Albert Schultz
Actor; artistic director, Soulpepper Theatre Company
Publicly reported January 3, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he committed sexual battery or sexual harassment against them. He is taking a leave of absence from the Soulpepper Theatre Company.

Sources/more info: 1

“I didn’t have a name for it at the time, but I did fall into a depression.”

Patricia Fagan, actress
Photo of Dan Harmon
Dan Harmon
Writer; producer; creator, Community
Publicly reported January 2, 2018

A former employee has reported that he sexually harassed her, and he has admitted to and apologized for the behavior.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It took me years to believe in my talents again, to trust a boss when he complimented me and not cringe when he asked for my number.”

Megan Ganz, writer
Anonymous silhouette
Dustin Marshall
Founder, Feral Audio podcast network
Publicly reported December 21, 2017

A former partner says he abused and harassed her. He is shutting down Feral Audio.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“One night he broke into my house and crawled into bed with me, saying that we ‘really needed to talk’”

Abby Weems, musician
Photo of T.J. Miller
T.J. Miller
Actor, comedian
Publicly reported December 19, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually assaulted her, and others have said he harassed them or made abusive or transphobic comments.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“It is unfathomable to me that he doesn’t understand that he actually put me through something I have to live with […] that completely, completely set the tone for my sexual adult life.”

anonymous, to the Daily Beast
Photo of Morgan Spurlock
Morgan Spurlock
Director
Publicly reported December 14, 2017

He said he has been accused of rape and sexual harassment. He has stepped down from his production company and other companies have cut ties or stopped distribution of his projects.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5

“We stand in solidarity with the victims.”

spokesperson for Pretty Matches and Refinery29, announcing the suspension of a docuseries on women's issues that Spurlock was to produce
Photo of Jon Heely
Jon Heely
Director of music publishing, Disney
Publicly reported December 8, 2017

He is accused of sexually abusing two underage girls. He has been charged with three felony counts of child sexual abuse and suspended without pay from Disney.

Sources/more info: 1

“Immediately upon learning of this situation tonight, he has been suspended without pay until the matter is resolved by the courts.”

Disney spokesperson, to Variety
Photo of Melanie Martinez
Melanie Martinez
Singer-songwriter
Publicly reported December 5, 2017

A woman has said that Martinez raped her.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I never said yes. I said no, repeatedly. But she used her power over me, and broke me down.”

Timothy Heller, singer
Photo of Bryan Singer 
Bryan Singer
Director
Publicly reported December 4, 2017

A man has sued Singer, saying he was raped by Singer at the age of 17.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“He smirked and said, if I say anything, he was very popular and could basically ruin my reputation.”

Cesar Sanchez-Guzman
Photo of Peter Martins
Peter Martins
Retired ballet master in chief, New York City Ballet
Publicly reported December 4, 2017

Multiple people say he sexually harassed or verbally or physically abused them, or abused his power through sexual relationships with other dancers. He has retired.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5

“He’s yanking me around to the left and to the right, he’s digging his left thumb and his middle finger — I felt like he was piercing my muscle.”

Victor Ostrovsky, former student, School of American Ballet
Photo of James Levine
James Levine
Former conductor, Metropolitan Opera
Publicly reported December 3, 2017

Multiple men have reported that he sexually abused them, some when they were teenagers. He has been fired from the Met, and the Ravinia Festival has cut ties with him.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I saw him as a safe, protective person, he took advantage of me, he abused me and it has really messed me up.”

Ashok Pai
Photo of Israel Horovitz
Israel Horovitz
Playwright
Publicly reported November 30, 2017

Multiple women have said that he sexually harassed, sexually assaulted, or raped them. The Gloucester Stage theater has cut ties with him.

Sources/more info: 1

“I felt close to him like a grandfather, but also he was a somewhat famous guy whose time I felt privileged to have. […] For the man who represented all that, to treat me the way he did, was the ultimate betrayal.”

Maia Ermansons
Photo of Geoffrey Rush
Geoffrey Rush
Actor
Publicly reported November 30, 2017

Two former co-stars have said he subjected them to unwanted sexual comments and inappropriate behavior.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“[T]here was a small shaving mirror over the top of the partition between the showers and he was using it to look down at my naked body.”

Yael Stone, actress
Photo of Jean-Claude Arnault
Jean-Claude Arnault
Photographer; influential Swedish cultural figure; husband of Swedish Academy member
Publicly reported November 24, 2017

Multiple women have said he raped or sexually harassed them. He was convicted on two counts of rape in Sweden and sentenced to two and a half years in prison. The allegations caused the awarding of the Nobel Prize in Literature to be delayed.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“[T]here had been no flirtation or touch. I just found a hand up my crotch.”

Gabriella Håkansson, author
Photo of John Lasseter
John Lasseter
CEO, Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios
Publicly reported November 21, 2017

Multiple people said he had a pattern of sexually harassing women. He has taken a leave of absence from Pixar.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He hugged and hugged and everyone’s looking at you. Just invading the space.”

anonymous, to the Hollywood Reporter
Photo of Murray Miller
Murray Miller
Writer, Girls
Publicly reported November 17, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually assaulted her when she was 17 years old. Police have launched an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“At some point, I woke up in Murray’s bed naked. He was on top of me having sexual intercourse with me. At no time did I consent to any sexual contact with Murray."

Aurora Perrineau, actress
Photo of Sylvester Stallone
Sylvester Stallone
Actor
Publicly reported November 16, 2017

A woman has reported that he and another man sexually assaulted her when she was 16.

Sources/more info: 1

“I’m kind of scared and I’m very ashamed. I don’t want anybody else to have that happen to them, but I don’t want to prosecute.”

anonymous, to police, according to the Daily Mail
Photo of Ron Jeremy
Ron Jeremy
Adult film actor
Publicly reported November 15, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he raped or sexually assaulted them, or subjected them to unwanted touching. He has been dropped from at least two industry events.

Sources/more info: 1

“It felt like he had preplanned this in his head, like he did this to everybody.”

Lynsey G., journalist
Photo of Andy Henry
Andy Henry
Casting staff
Publicly reported November 15, 2017

Multiple women say he told them to take off their clothes as part of what he described as an acting exercise. He was fired from the show CSI and his firm in 2008 as a result of the reports, and placed on a leave of absence from his job in 2017 when the reports became public.

Sources/more info: 1

“It really planted a seed in my head, that maybe I wasn’t good enough. Of, what did I do wrong?”

Catherine Black, actress
Photo of Jesse Lacey
Jesse Lacey
Lead vocalist, guitarist, Brand New
Publicly reported November 13, 2017

Two women have said he solicited explicit photos from them when they were minors, along with other sexually abusive behavior. The band has postponed upcoming shows.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“This will definitely stay with me for the rest of my life.”

Nicole Elizabeth Garey
Photo of Tom Sizemore
Tom Sizemore
Actor
Publicly reported November 13, 2017

Multiple cast and crew members have said he sexually abused a young girl on a film set, and he has been convicted of physically abusing and harassing an ex-girlfriend.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“At one point her eyes got just huge, like she could’ve vomited. I was watching her.”

Robyn Adamson, actress, describing the girl Sizemore allegedly abused
Photo of Mark Schwahn
Mark Schwahn
Showrunner, One Tree Hill and The Royals
Publicly reported November 13, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed, manipulated, or made inappropriate comments to them while they worked on The Royals or One Tree Hill. He has been fired from The Royals.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“Many of us were spoken to in ways that ran the spectrum from deeply upsetting, to traumatizing, to downright illegal. And a few of us were put in positions where we felt physically unsafe.”

18 female cast and crew members of One Tree Hill, in an open letter
Photo of Peter Aalbæk Jensen
Peter Aalbæk Jensen
Co-founder (with Lars von Trier), Zentropa production company
Publicly reported November 12, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he groped them or helped create a hostile working environment.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I saw women being degraded. According to the Zentropa propaganda, I would be part of an ‘alternative work culture’, but in reality, I encountered an old-fashioned, patriarchal power structure.”

Anna Mette Lundtofte, writer and journalist
Photo of Eddie Berganza
Eddie Berganza
Former editor, DC Comics
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed them. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“I was physically ill from being stressed all the time and trying to hide it. I just felt like I needed to get out, however I could.”

Liz Gehrlein Marsham, children's author
Photo of Richard Dreyfuss
Richard Dreyfuss
Actor
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her over a period of years, once exposing himself to her.

Sources/more info: 1

“He created a very hostile work environment, where I felt sexualized, objectified, and unsafe.”

Jessica Teich, writer
Photo of Gary Goddard
Gary Goddard
CEO, the Goddard Group
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

Eight men have reported that he sexually abused them when they were minors. He has taken a leave of absence from the Goddard Group.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“My vulnerability was exploited. I was molested by Goddard, my best friend was raped by him  —  and this went on for years.”

Anthony Edwards, actor
Photo of Andrew Kreisberg
Andrew Kreisberg
Former showrunner, Supergirl, Arrow
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

More than a dozen people who worked with him have said he had a pattern of sexual harassment, including unwanted kissing and touching. He has been fired by Warner Bros. TV Group.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“It was an environment in which women — assistants, writers, executives, directors — were all evaluated based on their bodies, not on their work.”

Anonymous male writer, to Variety
Photo of George Takei
George Takei
Actor
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

A man reported that Takei drugged and groped him. The accuser has since walked back most of the story.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I just want him to apologize for taking advantage of our friendship.”

Scott R. Brunton, former actor and model
Photo of Steven Seagal 
Steven Seagal
Actor
Publicly reported November 9, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed or behaved threateningly toward them.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I thought about like, ‘I was the last girl that day. How many girls had to take off their clothes? How many girls had to do more?’”

Jenny McCarthy, actress
Photo of Louis C.K.
Louis C.K.
Comedian
Publicly reported November 9, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed them, in some cases by masturbating in front of them. A wide release for his upcoming film and his standup special have been canceled; several media companies have ended their relationships with him.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It was just actually sort of common knowledge in the comedy world. […] People made jokes about it all the time.”

Rebecca Corry, comedian
Photo of Matthew Weiner
Matthew Weiner
Showrunner
Publicly reported November 9, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I had the Emmy, but instead of being able to use that as a launch pad for the rest of my career, it became an anchor because I felt I had to answer to speculative stories in the press. […] I eventually walked away instead of fighting back.”

Kater Gordon, writer
Photo of Russell Simmons 
Russell Simmons
Music executive
Publicly reported November 9, 2017

Multiple women have accused him of rape, sexual assault, or battery. He has stepped down from his companies.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5

“I couldn’t open the doors. I couldn’t open the windows. The car was moving. The driver did not stop. He did not take me to 19th Street. He took me to your apartment.”

Jenny Lumet, screenwriter
Photo of Robert Knepper
Robert Knepper
Actor
Publicly reported November 8, 2017

Multiple women have accused him of sexual assault.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I just sat there and cried for a while. My dress was torn, I was dirty.”

Susan Bertram, costume designer
Photo of Jeffrey Tambor
Jeffrey Tambor
Actor
Publicly reported November 8, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed or forcibly kissed them. He has left the show Transparent.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Given the journey and circumstances of my life, I was used to being treated as a sexual object by men — this one just happened to be famous.”

Trace Lysette, actress
Photo of Ed Westwick
Ed Westwick
Actor
Publicly reported November 7, 2017

Multiple women have accused him of sexual assault or rape. Several television shows have been postponed or have paused his involvement while police investigate.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“My other friends and people around me told me it was best not to say anything, to not be ‘that girl’ and that no one would believe me.”

Aurélie Wynn, former actress
Photo of Adam Venit
Adam Venit
Agent, WME
Publicly reported November 3, 2017

A man has reported that Venit sexually assaulted him. Venit was suspended for a month and has been demoted.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“This whole thing with Harvey Weinstein is giving me PTSD. Why? Because this kind of thing happened to ME.”

Terry Crews, actor
Photo of Danny Masterson
Danny Masterson
Actor
Publicly reported November 2, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he raped them. He has been written out of Netflix’s The Ranch, and law enforcement has begun an investigation into the case.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“According to a report filed with the Los Angeles Police Department, the woman said Masterson raped her while she was ‘passed out,’ and when she awoke and realized he was raping her, she struggled with him until he choked her and she passed out again.”

Yashar Ali, HuffPost
Photo of Nick Carter
Nick Carter
Lead singer, Backstreet Boys
Publicly reported November 2, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually assaulted her in 2003. Prosecutors have declined to bring criminal charges because the statute of limitations has expired.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I told him to stop, but he didn’t.”

Melissa Schuman, former singer
Photo of Brett Ratner
Brett Ratner
Producer, director
Publicly reported November 1, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually assaulted or harassed them.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I don’t know how different I would be today — less hardened, less jaded, more trusting, all those things — if it never happened.”

Natasha Henstridge, actress
Photo of Dustin Hoffman
Dustin Hoffman
Actor
Publicly reported November 1, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed or assaulted them.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“My heart aches for the awkward virgin with the bad hair who had only been kissed three times in her life, laughing as the man her father’s age talked about breasts and sex. I want to weep that she found this charming.”

Anna Graham Hunter, writer
Photo of Andy Dick
Andy Dick
Actor and comedian
Publicly reported October 31, 2017

Multiple people said he groped and harassed men and women on film sets. He has been fired from two films.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He systematically went woman by woman and just said a bunch of gross things almost mechanically, robotically, and made every single one of them uncomfortable.”

anonymous, to Vulture
Photo of Jeremy Piven
Jeremy Piven
Actor
Publicly reported October 31, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually assaulted or harassed them.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I ran outside and hailed a cab and I just burst into tears. I cried the entire way back to my hotel.”

Tiffany Bacon Scourby, ad executive
Photo of Kevin Spacey
Kevin Spacey
Actor
Publicly reported October 29, 2017

Multiple men have reported that he sexually harassed or assaulted them, or made sexual advances when they were underage. He has been fired from House of Cards and police are investigating.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8

“What he left me with, more than what he took from me, was a sense that I deserved this. And that’s the knot I’m still untangling.”

anonymous, to Vulture
Photo of Kirt Webster
Kirt Webster
Publicist
Publicly reported October 27, 2017

A man has said Webster sexually assaulted him. Webster has stepped away from his PR firm.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“For years, I was so ashamed, and since then, I’ve overdosed once and I’ve slit my wrists another time.”

Austin Rick, former country singer
Photo of Ken Baker
Ken Baker
Senior correspondent, E News
Publicly reported October 26, 2017

Two women have said he sexually harassed them. He is not appearing on air while E investigates.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I almost feel like it’s a power trip. It’s like, ‘I can do these things.‘”

anonymous, to the Wrap
Photo of Ethan Kath
Ethan Kath
Co-founder, Crystal Castles
Publicly reported October 24, 2017

A former bandmate has reported that he raped and physically and psychologically abused her.

Sources/more info: 1

“It has taken me years to recover from enduring almost a decade of abuse, manipulation and psychological control. I am still recovering.”

Alice Glass, singer
Photo of James Toback
James Toback
Director, screenwriter
Publicly reported October 22, 2017

More than 200 women have reported unwanted touching or advances, including several who said he masturbated in front of them. He has been dropped by his agent.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I was shocked and frozen and didn’t know what to do. I thought if I resisted, it could get worse.”

Terri Conn, actress
Photo of David Blaine
David Blaine
Magician
Publicly reported October 19, 2017

A woman has reported that he raped her. Police are investigating.

Sources/more info: 1

“After this happened, I didn’t want to go out, and I didn’t want to go to my castings. I wouldn’t get the job because now I was insecure.”

Natasha Prince, art dealer
Photo of Chris Savino
Chris Savino
Animator; creator, The Loud House
Publicly reported October 19, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed them or subjected them to unwanted advances or other inappropriate behavior. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“I had an opportunity to work at Nickelodeon a long time ago and I didn’t take the job because I knew he would be inside the studio.”

anonymous, to Cartoon Brew
Photo of Bob Weinstein
Bob Weinstein
Producer; co-founder, the Weinstein Company
Publicly reported October 17, 2017

A woman has said that he sexually harassed her over a period of months.

Sources/more info: 1

“He didn’t want a friendship. He wanted more than that.”

Amanda Segel, showrunner
Anonymous silhouette
Tyler Grasham
Former agent, APA
Publicly reported October 17, 2017

Multiple men have said that he sexually assaulted them or made unwanted advances. He has been fired, and police have launched an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I told him no but he asked me to cuddle and kiss. I didn’t want it to ruin my career, so I did.”

Brady Lindsey
Photo of Lars von Trier
Lars von Trier
Director
Publicly reported October 17, 2017

A woman has accused him of a months-long pattern of sexual harassment.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I didn’t comply or agree on being sexually harassed. That was then portrayed as me being difficult. If being difficult is standing up to being treated like that, I’ll own it.”

Björk, singer-songwriter
Photo of Roy Price 
Roy Price
Former head, Amazon Studios
Publicly reported October 12, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her. He has resigned from Amazon.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It was shocking and surreal.”

Isa Hackett, executive producer
Photo of Oliver Stone
Oliver Stone
Director
Publicly reported October 12, 2017

One woman has reported that he groped her, while another said his behavior after a meeting made her uncomfortable.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I still remember the cocky grin on his face like he got away with something.”

Carrie Stevens, model and actress
Photo of Ben Affleck
Ben Affleck
Actor
Publicly reported October 10, 2017

Two women have reported that he groped them.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I had to laugh back then so I wouldn’t cry.”

Hilarie Burton, actress
Photo of Nelly
Nelly
Rapper
Publicly reported October 7, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually assaulted her.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Afterward, Greene says she was screaming she wanted off the bus … and an entourage member pushed her off, and Nelly threw a $100 bill at her and said, ‘Bye bye.'”

TMZ
Photo of Harvey Weinstein
Harvey Weinstein
Producer; co-founder, the Weinstein Company
Publicly reported October 5, 2017

More than 80 women have reported that he sexually harassed, sexually assaulted, or raped them, in incidents dating back decades. He has been fired from the Weinstein Company.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“Just his body, his presence, his face, bring me back to the little girl that I was when I was twenty-one. […] When I see him, it makes me feel little and stupid and weak.”

Asia Argento, actress
Photo of Hadrian Belove
Hadrian Belove
Former executive managing director, Cinefamily
Publicly reported August 23, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her, and others say he judged female employees on their looks and dated subordinates. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“When I started volunteering, I was told he liked to test the new meat.”

Karina Chacham, former volunteer, Cinefamily
Anonymous silhouette
Shadie Elnashai
Former vice president, Cinefamily board of directors
Publicly reported August 23, 2017

Multiple people have said he inappropriately touched or pursued female subordinates. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Shadie doesn’t watch the movies — he just hits on girls in the back.”

anonymous, to BuzzFeed News
Photo of Roman Polanski 
Roman Polanski
Director, producer, writer
Publicly reported August 15, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he raped or sexually abused them when they were under 18. He has pleaded guilty to statutory rape.

Sources/more info: 1

“How do I know there aren’t other victims? How do I know that he’s not still doing this?”

Marianne Barnard, artist
Photo of Robert "R." Kelly
Robert "R." Kelly
Singer-songwriter
Publicly reported July 17, 2017

Multiple people have accused him of controlling the sex lives and even eating habits of women who live in his properties. He was acquitted in 2008 of child pornography charges. His lawyer, publicist, and assistant have quit, and Spotify has stopped promoting his music.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“R. Kelly is the sweetest person you will ever want to meet. […] But Robert is the devil.”

Asante McGee
                                                                                                    
Back to INDUSTRIES
1 / 57
Photo of Les Moonves
Les Moonves
Former CEO, CBS
Publicly reported August 6, 2018

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed or assaulted them. He has stepped down from CBS.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“What happened to me was a sexual assault, and then I was fired for not participating.”

Illeana Douglas, actress and writer
Photo of Kimberly Guilfoyle
Kimberly Guilfoyle
Former Fox News host
Publicly reported July 27, 2018

Multiple people have said she showed colleagues photographs of male genitals, discussed sexual matters at work, or was emotionally abusive. She has left Fox News.

Sources/more info: 1

“Six sources said Guilfoyle’s behavior included showing personal photographs of male genitalia to colleagues (and identifying whose genitals they were)”

Yashar Ali, HuffPost
Photo of Antonin Kratochvil
Antonin Kratochvil
Photojournalist
Publicly reported July 16, 2018

Multiple people have said he harassed and groped them or others. He has resigned from the photo agency he helped found.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I […] didn’t say anything because I didn’t want to be seen as, you know, the cliched hysterical woman complaining about things.”

Anastasia Taylor-Lind, photojournalist
Photo of Christian Rodriguez
Christian Rodriguez
Photojournalist
Publicly reported July 16, 2018

Multiple women say he sexually harassed them, in many cases after offering them mentorship or a job. He has been dropped by the prestigious photographers' collective Prime.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He jumped on the bed, he was on top of me, making pictures.”

Lina Botero, photographer
Photo of Tom Brokaw
Tom Brokaw
Journalist; former anchor, NBC Nightly News
Publicly reported April 26, 2018

Three women have said he made unwanted advances toward them in the 1990s.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I felt powerless to say no. He could ruin my career.”

Linda Vester, former NBC correspondent
Anonymous silhouette
Michael Ferro
Former chair, Tronc
Publicly reported March 19, 2018

Two women have said Ferro subjected them to unwanted kissing or touching in what they thought were business meetings. Others have said he behaved inappropriately with female employees. He has resigned from Tronc.

Sources/more info: 1

“I suddenly realized that I was alone in this apartment with him and that it might not be very easy to leave.”

Kathryn Minshew, startup co-founder
Photo of Alex Jones
Alex Jones
Founder, Infowars
Publicly reported February 28, 2018

A woman has reported that he groped her, sexually harassed her, and made a racist comment toward her, as well as created a hostile work environment for other women.

Sources/more info: 1

“I knew that he had specifically touched my behind at that moment as a sly come-on that other people may not notice.”

Ashley Beckford, former production assistant, Free Speech Systems
Photo of Ryan Seacrest
Ryan Seacrest
TV host
Publicly reported February 26, 2018

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed and assaulted her, including groping her and grinding his genitals against her.

Sources/more info: 1

“As proud as I am and as strong as a woman as I am, as smart as I am and as much work as I’ve done with therapists, it really affected me.”

Suzie Hardy, stylist
Photo of Daniel Zwerdling
Daniel Zwerdling
Former investigative correspondent, NPR
Publicly reported February 6, 2018

Multiple people have reported that he sexually harassed them or engaged in inappropriate behavior. He has retired from NPR.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Now I’m literally afraid of men in the workplace.”

anonymous, to Current
Photo of Patrick Witty
Patrick Witty
Photojournalist; former National Geographic photographer
Publicly reported January 29, 2018

Multiple women say he subjected them to unwanted kissing or advances. He no longer works at National Geographic.

Sources/more info: 1

“It felt like he didn’t take me or my work seriously.”

Andrea Wise, photographer and editor
Anonymous silhouette
Dayan Candappa
Chief content officer, Newsweek Media Group; former Americas editor, Reuters
Publicly reported January 29, 2018

A subordinate at Reuters reported that he repeatedly sexually harassed her. He was removed from his job at Reuters. Newsweek placed him on leave after the Reuters case became public, but reinstated him after an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The next day in the office, he told her she was ‘heartbreakingly beautiful,’ according to the complaint.”

Rossalyn Warren, BuzzFeed News
Photo of Robert Moore
Robert Moore
Former managing editor, New York Daily News
Publicly reported January 22, 2018

Multiple former employees have said he sexually harassed co-workers. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He had all the power there.”

anonymous, to HuffPost
Photo of Ross Levinsohn
Ross Levinsohn
Former publisher, Los Angeles Times
Publicly reported January 18, 2018

He has been sued in two separate sexual harassment lawsuits. He was placed on unpaid leave at the Los Angeles Times, and then resigned. After an investigation cleared him, he was named CEO of a new unit within the Times’s parent company, Tronc.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“Ross created a definite frat boys' club […] They openly would rate women.”

Jessie Dennen, former recruitment chief, Alta Vista
Photo of James Rosen
James Rosen
Former chief Washington correspondent, Fox News
Publicly reported January 10, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he made unwanted advances toward them. He has left Fox News.

Sources/more info: 1

“In a shared cab ride back from a meal, Rosen groped her, grabbing her breast. After she rebuffed his advance, Rosen sought to steal away her sources and stories related to his interests in diplomacy and national security.”

David Folkenflik, NPR
Anonymous silhouette
Kevin Braun
Former editor-in-chief, E&E News
Publicly reported January 5, 2018

He has been placed on leave to complete treatment for inappropriate behavior, including sexual harassment.

Sources/more info: 1

“He will be on an indefinite leave of at least six months to address personal matters that have negatively affected his relationship with the company and our staff.”

Michael Witt, publisher, E&E News
Anonymous silhouette
Steve Butts
Former editor-in-chief, IGN
Publicly reported January 3, 2018

An employee has reported that he committed sexual harassment, and a former employee says he mishandled her report of sexual harassment by another co-worker. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“He told me, ‘Don’t be so uptight about it.’”

Kallie Plagge, editor
Photo of H. Brandt Ayers
H. Brandt Ayers
Chair of the Consolidated Publishing Company, which publishes the Anniston Star
Publicly reported January 1, 2018

Multiple women say he spanked them against their will when they worked with him at the Anniston Star in Anniston, Alabama.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I was still determined to be a reporter after that. […] But I hated Brandy Ayers with every cell in my body.”

Veronica Pike Kennedy, former Anniston Star reporter
Photo of Adrian Carrasquillo
Adrian Carrasquillo
Former White House correspondent, BuzzFeed News
Publicly reported December 27, 2017

A co-worker reported receiving an inappropriate message from him. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“In responding to a complaint filed last week by an employee, we learned that Adrian violated our Code of Conduct by sending an inappropriate message to a colleague.”

BuzzFeed spokesperson, to Business Insider
Photo of Andrew Creighton
Andrew Creighton
President, Vice Media
Publicly reported December 23, 2017

A woman said she was fired after she turned down a sexual relationship with him. He has been placed on leave.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“There is a toxic environment where men can say the most disgusting things, joke about sex openly, and overall a toxic environment where women are treated far inferior than men.”

Sandra Miller, former head of branded production, Vice Media
Photo of Mike Germano
Mike Germano
Chief digital officer, Vice Media
Publicly reported December 23, 2017

Two women have reported that he made inappropriate comments or touched them inappropriately. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Many women join VICE at an early and vulnerable point in their career. For some, sexual harassment and conscious and unconscious prejudice have overshadowed their future in journalism and severely damaged their confidence.”

Vice UK workers, in an open letter
Anonymous silhouette
Rhys James
Producer, Vice Media
Publicly reported December 23, 2017

A woman reported that he made racist and sexist comments to her. He has been placed on leave.

Sources/more info: 1

“Among Ms. Fuertes-Knight’s claims were that a Vice producer, Rhys James, had made racist and sexist statements to her, including asking about the color of her nipples and whether she slept with black men.”

Emily Steel, New York Times
Photo of Jason Mojica
Jason Mojica
Former head of Vice News
Publicly reported December 23, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he subjected them to unwanted touching or advances, or retaliated after a sexual relationship. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“As women, we get harassed everywhere and we don’t feel compelled to report it because it’s not considered a reportable offense."

Abby Ellis, journalist
Photo of Don Hazen
Don Hazen
Former executive editor, AlterNet
Publicly reported December 21, 2017

Multiple women say he sexually harassed them. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Every in-person meeting I had with him, which I understood to be a requirement of my employment, felt like an excuse for him to sexually harass me.”

Laura Gottesdiener, journalist
Photo of Leonard Lopate
Leonard Lopate
Former radio host, WNYC
Publicly reported December 21, 2017

Multiple people say he made inappopriate comments or sexually harassed them. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“Leonard definitely said inappropriate things to me and my coworkers. A lot.”

anonymous, to WNYC
Photo of Jonathan Schwartz
Jonathan Schwartz
Former radio host, WNYC
Publicly reported December 21, 2017

Two women say he made inappopriate comments to them, and one of them says he also touched her in an unwelcome way. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“It wasn’t the least bit traumatic. It was inappropriate.”

Kerry Nolan, radio host
Photo of Tavis Smiley
Tavis Smiley
Host, Tavis Smiley
Publicly reported December 13, 2017

Multiple people have said he had sexual relationships with subordinates and created an abusive and threatening environment. His show has been suspended.

Sources/more info: 1

“Some witnesses interviewed expressed concern that their employment status was linked to the status of a sexual relationship with Smiley.”

Daniel Holloway, Variety
Photo of Ryan Lizza 
Ryan Lizza
Former reporter, New Yorker
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

A woman has said he engaged in sexual misconduct. He has been fired by the New Yorker.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Our client reported Mr. Lizza’s actions to ensure that he would be held accountable and in the hope that by coming forward she would help other potential victims.”

Douglas H. Wigdor, lawyer for the accuser
Photo of Marshall Faulk
Marshall Faulk
Analyst, NFL Network; former NFL player
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her. He has been suspended by the NFL Network.

Sources/more info: 1

“Faulk would ask Cantor ‘deeply personal and invasive questions’ about her sex life; he also fondled her breasts and groped her behind, according to the complaint.”

Jordyn Holman and Scott Soshnick, Bloomberg
Photo of Ike Taylor
Ike Taylor
Analyst, NFL Network; former NFL player
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her. He has been suspended by the NFL Network.

Sources/more info: 1

“Taylor sent Cantor ‘sexually inappropriate’ pictures and a video of him masturbating in the shower, according to the filing.”

Jordyn Holman and Scott Soshnick, Bloomberg
Photo of Heath Evans
Heath Evans
Analyst, NFL Network; former NFL player
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her. He has been suspended by the NFL Network.

Sources/more info: 1

“It’s outrageous conduct.”

Laura Horton, lawyer for Jami Cantor, a former NFL Network stylist who is alleging sexual harassment
Photo of Eric Weinberger
Eric Weinberger
President, the Ringer; former NFL Network executive producer
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her. He has been suspended by the Ringer.

Sources/more info: 1

“Weinberger sent ‘several nude pictures of himself and sexually explicit texts’ and told Cantor she was ‘put on earth to pleasure me,’ according to the complaint.”

Jordyn Holman and Scott Soshnick, Bloomberg
Photo of Donovan McNabb
Donovan McNabb
Analyst, ESPN; former NFL player
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her. He has been suspended by ESPN.

Sources/more info: 1

“Donovan McNabb, a former analyst, also texted her explicit comments, according to the complaint.”

Jordyn Holman and Scott Soshnick, Bloomberg
Photo of Tom Ashbrook
Tom Ashbrook
Former radio host, WBUR
Publicly reported December 8, 2017

More than 20 current and former WBUR employees have said he verbally abused or intimidated them, or subjected them to unwanted touching. After an investigation, he has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I worry that Tom’s behavior discourages young women from continuing in journalism."

anonymous, to WBUR
Photo of Dylan Howard
Dylan Howard
Editor, National Enquirer, Us Weekly, and other publications
Publicly reported December 6, 2017

Multiple former employees said he sexually harassed women at work.

Sources/more info: 1

“It’s almost like I had Stockholm syndrome.”

anonymous, to the AP
Photo of Lorin Stein
Lorin Stein
Former editor, Paris Review
Publicly reported December 6, 2017

Multiple people have said he made unwanted advances on them, fostered a workplace culture in which looks mattered more than work, or had sex with subordinates. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1

“He wanted us to be pretty, he wanted us to act that role, and if we didn’t, we weren’t in the light of favor.”

Deirdre Foley-Mendelssohn, editor
Photo of John Hockenberry
John Hockenberry
Retired radio host, WNYC
Publicly reported December 1, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed them or sent unwanted sexual or suggestive messages. He has retired.

Sources/more info: 1

“He’d been very supportive of me, and I thought he’d only been like that because he wanted to sleep with me.”

anonymous, to the Cut
Photo of Matt Lauer
Matt Lauer
Former anchor, Today show
Publicly reported November 29, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed or assaulted them, including one who said she passed out during an assault. He has been fired from NBC.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He couldn’t sleep around town with celebrities or on the road with random people, because he’s Matt Lauer and he’s married. So he’d have to do it within his stable, where he exerted power, and he knew people wouldn’t ever complain.”

anonymous, to Variety
Photo of Garrison Keillor
Garrison Keillor
Founding host, A Prairie Home Companion
Publicly reported November 29, 2017

A woman reported that he subjected her to unwanted sexual touching. He has been dropped by Minnesota Public Radio and the Washington Post syndicate.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“Minnesota Public Radio (MPR) is terminating its contracts with Garrison Keillor and his private media companies after recently learning of allegations of his inappropriate behavior with an individual who worked with him.”

Minnesota Public Radio statement
Photo of Charlie Rose
Charlie Rose
Former anchor, CBS This Morning; former host, Charlie Rose
Publicly reported November 20, 2017

Multiple women have said that he sexually harassed them. He has been fired by CBS, PBS, and Bloomberg.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Everybody is terrified of him. […] He creates this environment of constant fear. And then he’ll shine a spotlight on you and make you feel amazing.”

anonymous, to the Washington Post
Photo of Glenn Thrush
Glenn Thrush
Reporter, New York Times
Publicly reported November 20, 2017

Multiple women have said that he made unwanted advances toward them. He was suspended by the New York Times and removed from the White House beat.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I hate feeling obligated to make him think I think everything is fine. […] It’s been this thing hanging over me. I feel like I have to be nice to this person just because he knows people.”

anonymous, to Vox
Anonymous silhouette
Matt Zimmerman
Former executive, NBC News
Publicly reported November 16, 2017

Multiple people have said he pursued relationships with young women who worked with him, and sent inappropriate text messages. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“We have recently learned that Matt Zimmerman engaged in inappropriate conduct with more than one woman at NBCU, which violated company policy. As a result, he has been dismissed.”

NBC News spokesperson
Photo of Kaj Larsen
Kaj Larsen
Former bureau chief, Vice
Publicly reported November 15, 2017

A woman has reported that he subjected her to unwanted touching and inappropriate sexual comments. He is no longer at the company.

Sources/more info: 1

“It felt like a threat. […] The way he looked at me, the way he grabbed my arm. I remember feeling scared.”

Phoebe Barghouty, former Vice associate producer
Anonymous silhouette
Vince Ingenito
Former editor, IGN
Publicly reported November 13, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her and a female co-worker. In March, he said he had been laid off.

Sources/more info: 1

“It got to the point where I couldn’t work for multiple hours a day because I was having panic attacks, so I decided to quit.”

Kallie Plagge, editor
Photo of Jann Wenner
Jann Wenner
Publisher, Rolling Stone
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

Multiple people have said he sexually harassed or assaulted them or subjected them to unwanted advances or touching.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I hadn’t known exactly how violating sexual harassment really was until I felt the pull inside myself as he dangled that contract in front of my face (at the time I was quite desperate for work), while on the other hand I was filled with revulsion over his proposition.”

Ben Ryan, writer
Anonymous silhouette
Michael Hafford
Freelance writer; former "Male Feminist" columnist at Broadly, a Vice Media site
Publicly reported November 3, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he raped or abused them. He has been banned from contributing to Vice websites.

Sources/more info: 1

“I think I was in very deep denial that somebody who everybody knows and likes his writing would be capable of hurting me that much.”

Helen Donahue, former Vice writer and social media editor
Photo of David Corn
David Corn
DC bureau chief, Mother Jones
Publicly reported November 2, 2017

Multiple people have said he engaged in inappropriate workplace behavior, including unwanted touching and rape jokes. Mother Jones investigated previous reports, and did so again when new information surfaced, finding no misconduct.

Sources/more info: 1

“In the summer and fall of 2014, some women staffers reported that they had quit pitching stories involving rape because David’s reactions made them so uncomfortable.”

a former Mother Jones staffer
Photo of Michael Oreskes
Michael Oreskes
Former senior vice president of news and editorial director, NPR; former editor, New York Times
Publicly reported October 31, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed them. He has resigned from NPR.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The worst part of my whole encounter with Oreskes wasn’t the weird offers of room service lunch or the tongue kiss but the fact that he utterly destroyed my ambition.”

anonymous, to the Washington Post
Anonymous silhouette
Hamilton Fish
Former publisher, the New Republic; former president, the Nation Institute
Publicly reported October 29, 2017

Multiple people said he subjected female employees to inappropriate remarks, touching, and unfair treatment. He has resigned from the New Republic.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It all took place against a backdrop where there was no personnel handbook and no one in an HR role.”

anonymous, to HuffPost
Photo of Mark Halperin
Mark Halperin
Political journalist and author
Publicly reported October 25, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed them, in some cases by pressing his genitals against them. He has been dismissed by NBC News and MSNBC, and a book and TV project have been canceled.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“For the last 11 years, I have had to watch this guy find success in every other news organization.”

anonymous, to CNN
Photo of Leon Wieseltier
Leon Wieseltier
Former literary editor, the New Republic; founding editor, Idea: A Journal of Politics and Culture
Publicly reported October 24, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed them. The magazine he was to head has been shuttered.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I didn’t feel like there was ever any recourse for his behavior, because he was treated as a powerful, even untouchable, person, certainly more important and indispensable than me.”

Katherine Marsh, writer
Photo of Knight Landesman
Knight Landesman
Former publisher, Artforum
Publicly reported October 24, 2017

Multiple women and men have accused him of sexual harassment or unwanted touching. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Whenever I’d see him my body would contract in fear so I started avoiding him.”

anonymous
Photo of Lockhart Steele
Lockhart Steele
Former editorial director, Vox Media
Publicly reported October 20, 2017

A former employee has reported unwanted kissing and touching by him. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“[S]uddenly, in the dark corner of the car, he was kissing my neck.”

Eden Rohatensky, developer
Photo of Harry Knowles
Harry Knowles
Founder, Ain't It Cool News
Publicly reported September 23, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed or assaulted them. He has stepped down from Ain’t It Cool News.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“Harry sexually harassed me. He has sexually harassed other women in this community for years. This wasn’t an anomaly. He is a predator.”

Britt Hayes, film writer
Photo of Charles Payne
Charles Payne
Host, Fox Business; contributor, Fox News
Publicly reported September 18, 2017

A woman says that he raped her, and that Fox retaliated against her when she reported the experience. Payne was suspended but has returned to work following an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“In July of 2013, I was raped by Charles Payne. […] In July of 2017, I was raped again by Fox News.”

Scottie Nell Hughes, political commentator
Photo of Eric Bolling
Eric Bolling
Former host, Fox News
Publicly reported August 4, 2017

Multiple people say he sent unsolicited photos of male genitals to at least 3 colleagues. He has left Fox News, and his show has been canceled.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“The women did not solicit the messages, which they told colleagues were deeply upsetting and offensive.”

Yashar Ali, HuffPost
Photo of Sean Hannity 
Sean Hannity
Host, Fox News
Publicly reported April 21, 2017

A former Fox News guest has said he asked her to come back to his hotel, and did not invite her back on his show after she refused.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“After I said I wouldn’t go to his hotel, I was blacklisted from Fox News.”

Debbie Schlussel, lawyer and blogger
Photo of Bill O'Reilly
Bill O'Reilly
Former host, Fox News
Publicly reported April 1, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed them. He has been fired from Fox News.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It was like street harassment in the office.”

Perquita Burgess, former Fox temp worker
                                                        
Back to INDUSTRIES
1 / 19
Photo of Andy Rubin
Andy Rubin
Former Google executive
Publicly reported October 25, 2018

A Google employee accused him of coercing her into oral sex, and a company investigation found her claim credible, according to two Google executives. He resigned from Google in 2014 with a $90 million exit package.

Sources/more info: 1

“She agreed to meet him at a hotel, where she said he pressured her into oral sex.”

New York Times
Anonymous silhouette
Richard DeVaul
Google executive
Publicly reported October 25, 2018

A woman whom DeVaul had interviewed for a job says he invited her to what she thought was a professional meeting, then asked her to take off her shirt and offered her a back rub. He has apologized for an “error of judgment,” and Google has taken unspecified “corrective action.”

Sources/more info: 1

“I didn’t have enough spine or backbone to shut that down as a 24-year-old.”

Star Simpson, engineer
Photo of Amit Singhal
Amit Singhal
Former Google executive
Publicly reported October 25, 2018

An employee said that he groped her, according to three people briefed on the incident. He resigned and received an exit package worth millions of dollars, they said.

Sources/more info: 1

“In 2015, an employee said Mr. Singhal groped her at a boozy off-site event attended by dozens of colleagues, said three people who were briefed on the incident.”

New York Times
Anonymous silhouette
Demos Parneros
Former CEO, Barnes & Noble
Publicly reported August 28, 2018

A former employee said he sexually harassed her. He was fired for this and other violations of company policies, according to Barnes & Noble.

Sources/more info: 1

[Parneros was] “terminated for sexual harassment, bullying behavior and other violations of company policies.”

Barnes & Noble board of directors
Anonymous silhouette
Nick Caporella
Founder, National Beverage (manufacturer of LaCroix sparkling water)
Publicly reported July 3, 2018

Two pilots have said he touched them inappropriately while flying with them on his business jet. They are suing.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He’s trying to prove that he’s in control.”

Lee Schillinger, an attorney for one of the pilots reporting unwanted touching
Photo of Terdema Ussery
Terdema Ussery
Former president and CEO, Dallas Mavericks; former president of global sports, Under Armour
Publicly reported February 20, 2018

Multiple women say he subjected them to unwanted advances or touching, or other inappropriate behavior, while they worked for the Mavericks or Under Armour.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I felt trapped, frozen, scared.”

anonymous, to Sports Illustrated
Photo of Steve Wynn
Steve Wynn
Founder, Wynn Resorts; former finance chair, Republican National Committee
Publicly reported January 27, 2018

Dozens of people have said that he pressured female employees to perform sex acts, exposed himself, or engaged in unwanted touching. He has resigned from the RNC and from Wynn Resorts.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I was not brave enough to say, ‘How dare you?’”

Shawn Cardinal, former personal assistant to Wynn's ex-wife
Photo of Max Ogden
Max Ogden
Computer programmer; executive director, Code for Science & Society
Publicly reported December 15, 2017

A former partner reported that Ogden was sexually abusive, controlling, and coercive. Ogden has stepped down from leadership roles with Code for Science & Society and the Dat Project.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I think — all the time — about my silence. How it protected him while he abused me & protects him now.”

Jessica Lord, web developer
Photo of Harold Ford Jr. 
Harold Ford Jr.
Former managing director and senior client relationship manager, Morgan Stanley; former US representative (D-TN)
Publicly reported December 7, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed and intimidated her. He has been fired from Morgan Stanley, but the bank now says he was not fired for sexual misconduct.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The woman alleged that Ford engaged in harassment, intimidation, and forcibly grabbed her one evening in Manhattan, leading her to seek aid from a building security guard.”

Yashar Ali, HuffPost
Anonymous silhouette
Sam Isaly
Co-founder, managing partner, OrbiMed
Publicly reported December 5, 2017

Multiple people have reported that he sexually harassed female employees. He announced plans to retire.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“It was like a fact of life that everyone had to accept. Sam just did what he could get away with.”

Yanping Ren, former OrbiMed intern
Photo of Shervin Pishevar
Shervin Pishevar
Venture capitalist; co-founder, Sherpa Capital
Publicly reported November 30, 2017

Multiple woman say he sexually assaulted or harassed them. He has resigned from Sherpa Capital.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I wanted to get career advice, and it was twisted into something else.”

anonymous, to Bloomberg
Photo of Howie Rubin
Howie Rubin
Former portfolio manager, Soros Fund Management
Publicly reported November 3, 2017

Three women have reported that he raped and beat them.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“While arrogance and self-import may convince certain men otherwise, neither money nor power gives any person the right to victimize a woman.”

Jeremy Saland, a lawyer for one of the women
Anonymous silhouette
Caleb Jennings
Former lead Chicago organizer, Fight for 15 (SEIU)
Publicly reported October 24, 2017

Multiple SEIU staffers reported that he had a sexist attitude and physically assaulted a female staffer, who was later fired. A criminal court found him not guilty of assault. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“The sexist and aggressive attitude of Caleb Jennings has created a toxic environment and fear inside the office of the FF15.”

four Chicago organizers, in an email to SEIU's president
Photo of Robert Scoble
Robert Scoble
Blogger; co-founder, the Transformation Group
Publicly reported October 19, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually assaulted or harassed them. He has resigned from the Transformation Group.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“It made me sick to work with him, but also he was offering so much help. […] As women we sometimes have to make tough choices. Do I want to call him out, or do I want to advance my career?”

anonymous, to TechCrunch
Photo of Scott Courtney
Scott Courtney
Former executive vice president, Service Employees International Union (SEIU)
Publicly reported October 19, 2017

Multiple people have said he had a history of relationships with young female SEIU staffers, who were later promoted. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Questions were raised about Executive Vice President Scott Courtney relating to a romantic relationship between a staff person and a supervisor.”

Mary Kay Henry, SEIU international president
Photo of Chris Sacca
Chris Sacca
Retired venture capital investor
Publicly reported June 30, 2017

A woman reported that he touched her face without her consent.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“There is such a massive imbalance of power that women in the industry often end up in distressing situations.”

Susan Wu, entrepreneur and investor
Photo of Dave McClure
Dave McClure
Investor; co-founder, 500 Startups
Publicly reported June 30, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually assaulted her, and another says he made an unwanted advance. He has said he made inappropriate advances to multiple women and has resigned from 500 Startups.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“It’s the worst position to be in when you feel helpless about something you know was outright wrong.”

Cheryl Yeoh, entrepreneur
Photo of Justin Caldbeck
Justin Caldbeck
Co-founder, former managing partner, Binary Capital
Publicly reported June 24, 2017

Multiple women have said he made unwanted advances toward them. He has resigned from Binary Capital.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“While we’re happy that he apologized and we’re happy especially for the support of the amazing women and men, our strong preference would have been to not be in this position to begin with.”

Leiti Hsu, co-founder of the startup Journy
Photo of Travis Kalanick
Travis Kalanick
Founder, Uber
Publicly reported June 17, 2017

A female employee has said he visited a bar with escort services, along with her and other employees, making her uncomfortable. Multiple employees also reported discrimination, sexual harassment, and a toxic environment at the company. Kalanick has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Every time something ridiculous happened, every time a sexist email was sent, I’d sent a short report to HR just to keep a record going.”

Susan J. Fowler, former Uber engineer
                  
Back to INDUSTRIES
1 / 46
Photo of Eric Bauman
Eric Bauman
Former chair, California Democratic Party
Publicly reported November 28, 2018

Multiple people say he made sexually explicit comments in the workplace and other professional settings, and engaged in unwanted touching. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I felt really embarrassed, almost ashamed, and uncomfortable.”

Grace Leekley, temporary party staffer
Anonymous silhouette
Albert J. Alvarez
Former chief of staff, New Jersey Schools Development Authority
Publicly reported October 10, 2018

A woman has said he sexually assaulted her when they both worked on New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy’s campaign. He has resigned from his position with the New Jersey schools.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I straight up said: ‘This is not consensual.’”

Katie Brennan, chief of staff, New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency
Photo of Charles Schwertner
Charles Schwertner
Texas state senator (R-Georgetown)
Publicly reported September 25, 2018

A graduate student at UT Austin said he sent her an explicit text message. A UT Austin investigation found it was “plausible” that a third party had sent the message, though Schwertner did not fully cooperate with the investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Please stop the inappropriate texts, it is unprofessional.”

anonymous, graduate student, in a message to Schwertner
Photo of Brett Kavanaugh
Brett Kavanaugh
Supreme Court justice
Publicly reported September 14, 2018

A woman has said he sexually assaulted her, another has said he thrust his genitals in her face without her consent, and others have said they witnessed abusive or inappropriate behavior by him. After a hearing and FBI investigation into some of the allegations, he was confirmed to the Supreme Court.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5

“I thought that Brett was accidentally going to kill me.”

Christine Blasey Ford, psychology professor
Photo of David Keyes
David Keyes
Former spokesperson for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel
Publicly reported September 11, 2018

A woman has said he sexually assaulted her, and three others have said he tried to bully them into sex. He has resigned as Netanyahu’s spokesperson.

Sources/more info: 1

“It was completely nonconsensual.”

Julia Salazar, New York state Senate candidate
Photo of Tom Frieden
Tom Frieden
Former director, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Publicly reported August 24, 2018

A woman reported that he groped her. He has been charged with sexual abuse, forcible touching, and harassment.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I saw his face again and I realized all this man had been doing was protecting himself.”

the woman who has reported that Frieden groped her
Anonymous silhouette
Nick Sauer
Former state representative, Illinois (R-51st district)
Publicly reported August 1, 2018

An ex-girlfriend has said he posted nude photos of her on a fake Instagram account without her consent. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Nick would use [a fake Instagram account] to direct message men with my photos to engage in graphic conversations of a sexual nature.”

Kate Kelly, ex-girlfriend of Nick Sauer
Photo of Corey Coleman
Corey Coleman
Former personnel chief, Federal Emergency Management Agency
Publicly reported July 30, 2018

He is under investigation in connection with allegations that he sexually harassed an employee and created an environment in which women were hired as possible sex partners for male employees. He has resigned from FEMA.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“What we uncovered was a systemic problem going back years.”

William "Brock" Long, FEMA administrator
Photo of Mel Watt
Mel Watt
Director, Federal Housing Finance Agency (Democrat)
Publicly reported July 27, 2018

An employee has said he sexually harassed her. He is under investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I felt vulnerable and unsafe.”

Simone Grimes, supervisory program management analyst, FHFA
Photo of Curtis Hill
Curtis Hill
Attorney general, Indiana (Republican)
Publicly reported July 2, 2018

A lawmaker, two staffers, and another woman have said he touched them inappropriately. He is under criminal investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“[H]e grabbed my hand and moved both of our hands over my butt, lingering there before releasing me.”

Niki DaSilva, Indiana state Senate aide
Photo of Eric Schneiderman
Eric Schneiderman
Former attorney general, New York (D)
Publicly reported May 7, 2018

Multiple women have said he physically abused them, in some cases during sex. He has resigned. After an investigation, prosecutors announced he would not face criminal charges.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Taking a strong woman and tearing her to pieces is his jam.”

Michelle Manning Barish, writer and activist
Photo of Clay Johnson
Clay Johnson
Political technoogy expert; former lead programmer, Howard Dean campaign
Publicly reported May 4, 2018

Two women have said he sexually assaulted them, and others have said he made inappropriate sexual comments.

Sources/more info: 1

“[B]efore I could say anything, the next thing I remember is I was pinned on his bed.”

Sarah Schacht, former Howard Dean campaign staffer
Photo of Tony Cárdenas
Tony Cárdenas
US representative (D-CA)
Publicly reported April 27, 2018

A woman has sued, alleging that an unnamed elected official sexually assaulted her when she was a teenager. Cárdenas has confirmed he is the subject of the suit, though he denies the allegations.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The suit alleges sexual battery, assault and intentional infliction of emotional distress.”

Dakota Smith, Los Angeles Times
Anonymous silhouette
Benton Strong
Former associate director for communications, Center for American Progress Action Fund; former employee, Seattle Office of Sustainability and Energy
Publicly reported April 23, 2018

Two women have reported that he made inappropriate comments or sent unwanted, sexually explicit text messages. Another woman reported that he harassed and assaulted her after a breakup in college. He has resigned from his job with the city of Seattle.

Sources/more info: 1

“I surely expected better out of an organization that housed a national campaign on sexual assault.”

Mary, in a memo to CAP
Anonymous silhouette
Benjamin Sparks
Political adviser
Publicly reported April 4, 2018

Sparks’s ex-fiancée has said that he sexually enslaved and battered her. He has been fired from the consulting firm where he was the political affairs director and has been charged with misdemeanor domestic battery.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Over the last month it escalated into very rough sex where he’d actually hurt me."

anonymous, to the Las Vegas Review-Journal
Anonymous silhouette
Nicholas Kettle
Former Rhode Island state senator (R-Coventry)
Publicly reported February 19, 2018

He has been charged with video voyeurism for allegedly sending nude photos of a woman without her knowledge, and with extorting sex from a teenage state House page. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Mr. Kettle stated that he needed to be ‘stealthy’ and was asking [the friend] for advice on how to take a video without [his girlfriend] knowing.”

Robert Hopkins, Rhode Island state police detective
Anonymous silhouette
Ed Crane
Co-founder, Cato Institute
Publicly reported February 8, 2018

Multiple woman say he sexually harassed them, and others say he made inappropriate comments about women’s bodies and clothing in the workplace.

Sources/more info: 1

“The minute she left he turned to all the men in the room and went, ‘Man, I’d love to have her sit on my face.‘”

anonymous, to Politico
Photo of Cristina Garcia
Cristina Garcia
California state Assembly member (D)
Publicly reported February 8, 2018

Multiple men have reported that she groped them or made unwanted advances.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“She looked at me for a second and said, ‘I’ve set a goal for myself to fuck you.’”

anonymous, to Politico
Photo of Burns Strider
Burns Strider
Former adviser, Hillary Clinton presidential campaign (2008); former leader, Correct the Record
Publicly reported January 26, 2018

A woman reported that he sexually harassed her while they worked on the Clinton campaign, and multiple former colleagues say he was fired from Correct the Record after sexual harassment allegations there.

Sources/more info: 1

“She told a campaign official that Mr. Strider had rubbed her shoulders inappropriately, kissed her on the forehead and sent her a string of suggestive emails”

Maggie Haberman and Amy Chozick, New York Times
Photo of Patrick Meehan
Patrick Meehan
US representative (R-PA)
Publicly reported January 20, 2018

A former aide reported that he made unwanted advances toward her. He has been removed from the House Ethics Committee and will not seek reelection.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Mr. Meehan professed his romantic desires for her — first in person, and then in a handwritten letter — and he grew hostile when she did not reciprocate, the people familiar with her time in the office said.”

Katie Rogers and Kenneth P. Vogel, New York Times
Anonymous silhouette
Jeffrey Klein
New York state senator (D-Bronx)
Publicly reported January 10, 2018

A woman says he forcibly kissed her. The New York state Democratic Party has called for an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“All of a sudden there was a hand on the back of my head and he shoved his tongue down my throat.”

Erica Vladimer, former New York state Senate staffer
Photo of Eric Greitens
Eric Greitens
Governor, Missouri (R)
Publicly reported January 10, 2018

According to an investigative report, he coerced a woman into oral sex, claimed to have taken a compromising photo of her, and threatened to release it if she told anyone. He has been charged with invasion of privacy.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He stepped back, I saw a flash through the blindfold and he said: ‘you’re never going to mention my name, otherwise there will be pictures of me everywhere.’”

anonymous, on a tape obtained by KMOV
Photo of Corey Lewandowski
Corey Lewandowski
Political commentator; former campaign manager for Donald Trump
Publicly reported December 22, 2017

A woman has filed a sexual assault complaint against him, saying he slapped her twice on the buttocks.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It was completely demeaning and shocking.”

Joy Villa, singer
Anonymous silhouette
Andrea Ramsey
Former candidate for the US House of Representatives (D-KS)
Publicly reported December 15, 2017

A man has reported that she sexually harassed him and retaliated when he rejected her advances. She has dropped out of her congressional race.

Sources/more info: 1

“After I rejected her, she told me she now was hearing bad things about my performance and on June 13, 2005, terminated my employment.”

Gary Funkhouser, former employee, LabOne
Photo of Bobby Scott
Bobby Scott
US representative (D-VA)
Publicly reported December 15, 2017

A woman reports that he sexually harassed her.

Sources/more info: 1

“I was propositioned to have a sexual relationship with my boss that I did not want […] I was retaliated against, I was wrongfully terminated and I was blackballed.”

M. Reese Everson, author and attorney
Photo of Ed Murray
Ed Murray
Secretary of state, Wyoming (R)
Publicly reported December 14, 2017

A woman says that he sexually assaulted her.

Sources/more info: 1

“I was disgusted and horrified.”

Tatiana Maxwell, real estate developer
Photo of Dan Johnson
Dan Johnson
Former state representative (R-KY)
Publicly reported December 12, 2017

A woman reported that he sexually assaulted her when she was 17. He killed himself shortly after the allegations were published.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“What you did was beyond mean, it was evil.”

Maranda Richmond, in a message to Johnson
Photo of Alex Kozinski
Alex Kozinski
Retired judge, US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
Publicly reported December 9, 2017

Multiple former employees have said he showed them pornography, touched them inappropriately, or made inappropriate sexual comments to them. He has retired.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It wasn’t just clear that he was imagining me naked, he was trying to invite other people — my professional colleagues — to do so as well.”

Emily Murphy, former clerk
Photo of Trent Franks 
Trent Franks
Former US representative (R-AZ)
Publicly reported December 7, 2017

House sources said that he approached two female staffers about acting as a gestational surrogate for his wife and him. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I was asked a few times to look over a ‘contract’ to carry his child, and if I would conceive his child, I would be given $5 million.”

anonymous, to AP
Photo of Borris Miles
Borris Miles
State representative (D-TX)
Publicly reported December 6, 2017

Multiple people have said that he subjected women to unwanted advances, sexual comments, or forcible kissing.

Sources/more info: 1

“I just remember thinking, ‘I need to go, and I need to not be here anymore.’”

anonymous, to the Daily Beast
Photo of Carlos Uresti
Carlos Uresti
State representative (D-TX)
Publicly reported December 6, 2017

Two women have reported that he sexually harassed them.

Sources/more info: 1

“He put his hands on me, he ogled me. I would not get in an elevator with him.”

anonymous, to the Daily Beast
Photo of Matt Dababneh
Matt Dababneh
Former California state Assembly member (D)
Publicly reported December 4, 2017

A woman has reported that he exposed himself to her and masturbated in front of her, and another has said he harassed her. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“During the time he blocked me in that room, my instincts were focused on escaping without physical contact and in a way that would not cause a scene.”

Pamela Lopez, lobbyist
Photo of Rubén Kihuen
Rubén Kihuen
US representative (D-NV); former Nevada state senator
Publicly reported December 1, 2017

Two women have reported that he sexually harassed them.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“You don’t really know what to say when a senator tells you, like, ‘Nice ass.’”

anonymous, to the Nevada Independent
Photo of Blake Farenthold
Blake Farenthold
US representative (R-TX)
Publicly reported November 30, 2017

A former staffer sued him, alleging gender discrimination, sexual harassment, and creating a hostile work environment. He used taxpayer money to settle the claim. He will not seek reelection.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It’s definitely turned my life upside down.”

Lauren Greene, former communications director for Farenthold
Photo of John Conyers
John Conyers
Former US representative (D-MI)
Publicly reported November 20, 2017

Multiple former employees have said he sexually harassed female staffers. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I was basically blackballed. There was nowhere I could go."

anonymous, to BuzzFeed
Photo of Wesley Goodman
Wesley Goodman
Former state representative (R-OH)
Publicly reported November 17, 2017

A man reported that Goodman groped him, and multiple men said he sent them unwanted or inappropriate sexual or suggestive messages. He quit after it was revealed that he had a consensual sexual encounter with a man in his office.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He also asked how much ‘p******y’ I was getting and wondering what I was doing on Friday and Saturday nights.”

anonymous, to IJR
Photo of Al Franken
Al Franken
US senator (D-MN)
Publicly reported November 16, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he groped or otherwise harassed them. He has announced that he will resign from Congress.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I was stunned and incredulous. I felt demeaned. I felt put in my place.”

anonymous former elected official in New England, to Jezebel
Photo of Jeff Kruse
Jeff Kruse
Oregon state senator (R-Roseburg)
Publicly reported November 15, 2017

Two women have reported that he sexually harassed or inappropriately touched them. He has been relieved of committee assignments and is under investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“What made all of this worse is that not only was I continuing to experience this behavior, […] but I was witnessing this happen to other women.”

Sara Gelser, Oregon state senator (D-Corvallis)
Photo of Calvin Smyre
Calvin Smyre
Georgia state representative (D-Columbus)
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

A woman reported that he sexually assaulted her.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“How many stories of assault and harassment have never been told because of political connections?”

Jehmu Greene, political commentator
Anonymous silhouette
Steve Lebsock
Former state representative, Colorado (D-Thornton)
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed them. The Colorado House of Representatives has voted to expel him.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“On Monday, for the first time in nearly two years, I’m going to come to a building where I’m not going to be worried about retaliation from someone I stood up to.”

Faith Winter, Colorado state representative
Photo of Roy Moore 
Roy Moore
Former judge; 2017 Senate candidate
Publicly reported November 9, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually abused or assaulted them, or pursued them sexually or romantically when they were teenagers.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I felt like I had done something bad. And it kind of set the course for me doing other things that were bad.”

Leigh Corfman, customer service representative
Anonymous silhouette
Dwayne Duron Marshall
Former chief of staff to US Rep. Brenda Lawrence (D-MI)
Publicly reported November 7, 2017

Multiple women have said he made inappropriate comments or engaged in unwanted touching in the workplace. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“She’s complicit because she knows. […] She knows he makes comments. She knows he rubs the back and rubs the shoulders.”

anonymous, about Rep. Lawrence, to Politico
Photo of Tony Mendoza
Tony Mendoza
California state senator (D-Artesia)
Publicly reported November 7, 2017

Multiple people have said that he behaved inappropriately with a female legislative fellow and other staffers. He is under investigation and has been stripped of his leadership positions.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“She said she feared for her job if she refused the invitations.”

Patrick McGreevy, Los Angeles Times
Photo of Raul Bocanegra
Raul Bocanegra
Former California state Assembly member (D)
Publicly reported October 27, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he groped them or made unwanted advances. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He grabbed me with one hand, grabbed my head and shoved his tongue into my mouth.”

Sylvia Castillo, former student mentorship program coordinator
Photo of George H.W. Bush
George H.W. Bush
Former president
Publicly reported October 25, 2017

Multiple women have said he groped them during photo ops.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“At the very moment when I was feeling honored to be recognized for my work and to raise money for this important organization that I believe in, President Bush made clear to me that because I am a woman, I can be objectified, sexualized, reduced to a body part.”

Christina Baker Kline, novelist
Photo of Donald Trump 
Donald Trump
President of the United States
Publicly reported October 15, 2017

A woman has filed a defamation suit after Trump accused her of lying about her experiences with him. As part of the suit, her lawyers subpoenaed all Trump campaign documents relating to “any woman alleging that Donald J. Trump touched her inappropriately.” Prior to this suit, more than a dozen women have accused him of sexual assault or other sexual misconduct.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He was like an octopus. […] His hands were everywhere.”

Jessica Leeds, businesswoman
                                             
Back to INDUSTRIES
1 / 40
Photo of Cody Wilson
Cody Wilson
3-D printed gun activist
Publicly reported September 19, 2018

He has been charged with sexual assault of a minor in connection with allegations that he paid an underage girl for sex after meeting her on the website SugarDaddyMeet.

Sources/more info: 1

“Victim stated while she was inside room 718, she and Wilson engaged in sexual intercourse and oral sex on the hotel room’s bed.”

Affidavit for arrest warrant for Cody Wilson
Photo of Ron Carlson
Ron Carlson
Author; former professor, Department of English, UC Irvine; former teacher, Hotchkiss School
Publicly reported August 28, 2018

He has been accused of sexual misconduct, including kissing and touching, with a female high school student at Hotchkiss in the mid-1970s. He has resigned from UC Irvine.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Carlson often kissed and fondled Student 17 when they were alone.”

report to the Board of Trustees of the Hotchkiss School
Anonymous silhouette
Avital Ronell
Professor, NYU Department of German and Comparative Literature
Publicly reported August 13, 2018

A former student has said she sexually harassed and assaulted him. A university investigation found Ronell responsible for sexual harassment, and she has been suspended for the academic year.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“She was kissing me, kissing my hands, kissing my torso.”

Nimrod Reitman, visiting fellow, Harvard
Photo of Francisco Ayala
Francisco Ayala
Former professor, Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology, UC Irvine
Publicly reported June 29, 2018

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed them. He has resigned from UC Irvine.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“There were conversations people had, like stay away from him, don’t be alone with him, don’t be in an elevator with him.”

Micha Star Liberty, attorney for women who filed complaints against Ayala
Anonymous silhouette
Mark Mellor
Former security director, National Abortion Federation
Publicly reported June 14, 2018

Multiple people have said he sexually harassed them. He was suspended, then left the National Abortion Federation.

Sources/more info: 1

“I felt extremely uncomfortable and like he was trying to pressure me to be alone with him."

Katherine O’Connell, former employee, National Abortion Federation
Photo of Roland G. Fryer, Jr.
Roland G. Fryer, Jr.
Professor, Harvard University Department of Economics
Publicly reported May 22, 2018

A woman has said he sexually harassed her. He is under investigation and has been barred from his research lab.

Sources/more info: 1

“[Fryer] frequently discussed sex in the workplace, made sexually inappropriate comments to and about employees and others, and objectified and sexualized women, including his staff.”

Monica R. Shah and Naomi R. Shatz, lawyers for a woman alleging sexual harassment by Fryer
Anonymous silhouette
George Tyndall
Former gynecologist, USC student health clinic
Publicly reported May 16, 2018

More than 200 women have sued USC, saying he sexually abused or harassed them when they were his patients. He has retired and is under investigation by the California Medical Board.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I want to make sure this never happens again, ever.”

Brennan Heil, USC student
Anonymous silhouette
William Jacoby
Political science professor, Michigan State University; editor, American Journal of Political Science
Publicly reported April 17, 2018

Two former students have reported that Jacoby sexually harassed them. The allegations are the subject of multiple investigations, and Jacoby has announced he will step down from the American Journal of Political Science.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He asked if I would consider having an affair with him, suggesting that it would be good for my career to work with him.”

Rebecca Gill, political science professor
Photo of William Strampel
William Strampel
Former dean, Michigan State University College of Osteopathic Medicine
Publicly reported March 27, 2018

Strampel has been charged with sexually assaulting and harassing four female patients, as well as mishandling a sexual assault complaint against gymnastics coach Larry Nassar.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I remember thinking, ‘this is really inappropriate, but this is the dean of my medical school, so what do I say.‘”

Nicole Eastman, Michigan State University College of Osteopathic Medicine graduate
Anonymous silhouette
Keith Raniere
Co-founder, Nxivm
Publicly reported March 27, 2018

He has been charged with sex trafficking after accusations that he treated female followers as “slaves” and coerced them into sex and skin branding.

Sources/more info: 1

“During the branding ceremonies, slaves were required to be fully naked, and the master would order one slave to film while the other held down the slave being branded.”

criminal complaint against Keith Raniere
Photo of Bill Hybels
Bill Hybels
Founder and former senior pastor, Willow Creek Community Church
Publicly reported March 23, 2018

Multiple women have said Hybels made inappropriate comments or engaged in unwanted touching or hugs that made them uncomfortable. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“For the sake of the other women and for the sake of the church, I cannot stay silent.”

Vonda Dyer, former leader, Willow Creek vocal ministry
Anonymous silhouette
Robert Reece
Sociology professor, University of Texas Austin
Publicly reported March 20, 2018

A woman has said that Reece raped her, and others have reported that he abused them or made inappropriate advances.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I felt so helpless, so vulnerable, I just wanted him to leave.”

Jazmine Walker, activist and podcast host
Photo of Mike Isabella
Mike Isabella
Chef, Mike Isabella Concepts
Publicly reported March 19, 2018

Two women have said Isabella subjected them to sexual comments, sexist slurs, or unwanted kissing. A PR firm and the Washington Nationals have cut ties with his company.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I tried to walk away, and he followed me into the kitchen, calling me a ‘bitch.’”

Chloe Caras, former manager, Mike Isabella Concepts
Anonymous silhouette
Jorge Domínguez
Former professor of government, Harvard University
Publicly reported February 27, 2018

More than a dozen women have reported that he subjected them to unwanted touching or other inappropriate behavior, in cases spanning decades. He has announced his retirement from Harvard after being placed on administrative leave.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I became physically afraid of him.”

Terry Karl, professor
Photo of Lawrence Krauss
Lawrence Krauss
Physics professor, Arizona State University; prominent skeptic
Publicly reported February 22, 2018

Multiple people have reported that he groped women, made sexist jokes, or engaged in other inappropriate behavior. Several organizations have canceled upcoming appearances by him.

Sources/more info: 1

“He put his hand on again. I crossed my legs. He put his hand on again.”

A., to BuzzFeed News
Anonymous silhouette
Michael Feinberg
Co-founder, KIPP schools
Publicly reported February 22, 2018

A student has reported that he sexually abused her when she was a minor, and an investigation found evidence that he sexually harassed female employees. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“We believe that Mr. Feinberg’s actions were incompatible with the leadership qualities that are central to our mission.”

KIPP, in a letter sent to school community
Anonymous silhouette
Earl K. Sneed
Former beat writer, Mavs.com
Publicly reported February 20, 2018

A former Dallas Mavericks co-worker reported that when they dated, he hit her. He also pleaded guilty to a previous family violence assault charge. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“She decided the Mavericks were an unsafe work environment for her and quit her job.”

Jon Wertheim and Jessica Luther, Sports Illustrated
Anonymous silhouette
Sean Hutchison
Former Olympic swimming coach
Publicly reported February 8, 2018

A woman has reported that he sexually abused her when she was underage.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I never thought I would share my story because, in so many ways, just surviving was enough.”

Ariana Kukors, Olympic swimmer
Anonymous silhouette
Alec Klein
Professor, Medill School of Journalism, Northwestern University
Publicly reported February 7, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he subjected them to unwanted touching or advances, or other inappropriate behavior. He has taken a leave of absence.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Some of us have had to seek counseling and therapy in the aftermath of his behavior. This has to stop.”

ten of Klein's former students, in a letter to Northwestern officials
Photo of Paul Shapiro
Paul Shapiro
Former vice president of farm animal protection, Humane Society of the United States
Publicly reported January 30, 2018

Multiple former co-workers say he asked them to have sex or made inappropriate comments. He was reassigned to a new job with the Humane Society and has since left.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“You believe these guys are the heroes. You believe they’re going to be compassionate because they’re speaking up for animals and you trust them.”

Alexandra Bury, Humane Society employee
Photo of Wayne Pacelle
Wayne Pacelle
Former CEO, Humane Society of the United States
Publicly reported January 30, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed them. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“To have at our helm an individual that has abused his power is a tragedy.”

Reasa Haggard Currier, director of faith outreach, Humane Society
Anonymous silhouette
John Kenneally
Former vice president, Monster Energy
Publicly reported January 23, 2018

Multiple women have said he made inappropriate or abusive comments. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I blamed myself. There was so much shame.”

Page Zeringue, former regional manager, Monster Energy
Anonymous silhouette
Mohamed Muqtar
Assistant athletic director for student services, University of California Berkeley
Publicly reported January 17, 2018

A former student-athlete has said he sexually assaulted her, and another has said he behaved inappropriately. He is on administrative leave from the university.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I want the shame to not be my own anymore. I want the shame to fall on him”

Layshia Clarendon, WNBA player
Photo of Jeremy Tooker
Jeremy Tooker
Founder, Four Barrel Coffee
Publicly reported January 5, 2018

Multiple former employees have said he sexually assaulted and harassed women and created a toxic workplace culture. He has left Four Barrel Coffee.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Jeremy’s behavior has been an open secret for years."

Umeko Motoyoshi, former Four Barrel Coffee employee
Photo of Andy Savage
Andy Savage
Pastor, Highpoint Church
Publicly reported January 5, 2018

A woman has reported that he sexually assaulted her when she was 17. He has resigned from his church and his upcoming book release has been canceled.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“The fear, shame, anger and hurt consumed me.”

Jules Woodson
Anonymous silhouette
Charlie Hallowell
Chef and owner, Pizzaiolo, Boot & Shoe Service, and Penrose
Publicly reported December 27, 2017

More than a dozen former employees have reported that he engaged in sexual harassment and verbal abuse. He has stepped away from daily business at his restaurants.

Sources/more info: 1

“It was just this constant need to talk about sex or anything sexual."

Jessica Moncada, former Boot & Shoe bartender
Photo of Brad Kern
Brad Kern
Former showrunner, NCIS: New Orleans
Publicly reported December 14, 2017

Multiple people have said he sexually harassed women or made offensive comments in the workplace. He has been fired from the TV show.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He would brag about his bad behavior. It got worse and worse, and the network stood by him every step of the way.”

anonymous former NCIS writer, to Variety
Photo of Ken Friedman
Ken Friedman
Restaurateur
Publicly reported December 12, 2017

Multiple women have said he made unwanted sexual advances toward them. He is taking a leave of absence from his restaurants.

Sources/more info: 1

“When he wasn’t coming on to us, he was screaming at us.”

Natalie Saibel, former Spotted Pig server
Photo of Mario Batali
Mario Batali
Chef; TV host
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

Multiple women have said he groped them or touched them inappropriately. He is stepping away from his businesses.

Sources/more info: 1

“This wasn’t just some dirty jokes, this was mean, this was about asserting power.”

anonymous, to Eater
Photo of Larry Nassar 
Larry Nassar
Former team physician, USA Gymnastics
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

More than 100 women and girls have reported that he sexually assaulted or abused them. He has been sentenced to 40-175 years in prison, in addition to a previous 60-year sentence for child pornography.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I thought I was going to die that night.”

McKayla Maroney, retired Olympic gymnast
Photo of André Balazs
André Balazs
President and CEO, André Balazs Properties
Publicly reported November 9, 2017

Multiple women have said he groped them.

Sources/more info: 1

“I was humiliated.”

anonymous
Anonymous silhouette
Todd Heatherton
Professor, Dartmouth College Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences
Publicly reported October 31, 2017

A woman says that he groped her, and more than a dozen people report that he created a hostile environment “in which sexual harassment is normalized.” He has been placed on leave, and law enforcement is investigating.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5

“Heatherton touched the breasts of his current student [redacted] while stating that she was not doing very well in her work.”

Jennifer Groh, professor, in a letter to Dartmouth College
Anonymous silhouette
William Kelley
Professor, Dartmouth College Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences
Publicly reported October 31, 2017

More than a dozen people report that he created a hostile environment “in which sexual harassment is normalized.” He has been placed on leave, and law enforcement is investigating.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“People turned down other professional opportunities in order to be here, and upon finding out the extent to which these inappropriate behaviors influenced their professional careers, very much wanted to switch.”

anonymous, to Dartmouth
Anonymous silhouette
Paul Whalen
Professor, Dartmouth College Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences
Publicly reported October 31, 2017

More than a dozen people report that he created a hostile environment “in which sexual harassment is normalized.” He has been placed on leave and law enforcement is investigating.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“What’s [not] normal is the amount of drinking, the number of times they did it and how it affected their relationships with the other students.”

anonymous, to the Dartmouth
Anonymous silhouette
Erick Guerrero
Professor, Suzanne Dworak-Peck School of Social Work, USC
Publicly reported October 25, 2017

Two students reported that he made unwanted advances or behaved inappropriately toward them. He has received a suspension and will be temporarily barred from teaching doctoral students.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He was the person who was in charge of basically everything I was doing at that moment professionally.”

Karissa Fenwick, doctoral student
Photo of John Besh
John Besh
Restaurateur
Publicly reported October 21, 2017

A woman has reported unwanted sexual contact by him, and others have reported unwanted advances or inappropriate comments by him. He has stepped down from Besh Restaurant Group.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He took one of the hors d’oeuvres and shoved it in my mouth in front of everyone.”

Dominique Ranieri, server
Anonymous silhouette
David Marchant
Professor, Boston University Department of Earth & Environment
Publicly reported October 6, 2017

Multiple women say he sexually harassed or made inappropriate comments to them. After an investigation, BU’s provost recommended that he be terminated; Marchant is appealing.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“His taunts, degrading comments about my body, brain, and general inadequacies never ended.”

Hillary Tulley, high school teacher
Anonymous silhouette
T. Florian Jaeger
Professor, University of Rochester Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences
Publicly reported September 8, 2017

Multiple people reported that he sexually harassed or created a hostile environment for graduate students. He is on leave, and an independent investigation has been launched.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“He made near-constant derogatory comments about the appearances and bodies of my classmates, some of whom he had been in or would be in a sexual relationship with.”

Celeste Kidd, professor
Photo of Cristiano Ronaldo
Cristiano Ronaldo
Soccer player
Publicly reported April 19, 2017

A woman has said that he raped her. She is suing, and authorities are investigating.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I pushed him away and kept saying ‘No.’”

Kathryn Mayorga, model
Photo of Neil deGrasse Tyson
Neil deGrasse Tyson
Astrophysicist; host, StarTalk and Cosmos: Possible Worlds
Publicly reported October 8, 2014

One woman has said he raped her, and two others say he subjected them to unwanted touching or advances. StarTalk has been put on hiatus pending a Fox Networks Group investigation into the allegations.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5 6

“When he saw that I had woken up, he got on top of me.”

Tchiya Amet, musician and sound healer
                                       
WRITING: Anna North, Constance Grady, Laura McGann, Aja Romano
EDITING: Michelle Garcia, Susannah Locke, Eleanor Barkhorn
DESIGN: Amanda Northrop, Christina Animashaun
DEVELOPMENT: Ryan Mark, Kavya Sukumar
COPY EDITING: Tanya Pai
VISUAL LEAD: Kainaz Amaria
Images: AP, Getty Images, Vjeran Pavic, Wikicommons

Terms of Use • Privacy Policy • © Vox Media, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip navigation!
US
Story from ENTERTAINMENT NEWS


A #MeToo Timeline To Show How Far We've Come — & How Far We Need To Go
ELENA NICOLAOU
OCTOBER 4, 2018, 2:30 PM

It’s been one year since the New York Times and New Yorker investigation into the sexual misdeeds of Harvey Weinstein unleashed the #MeToo movement and a courageous fury over the ways women are mistreated. We look back at the movement that has completely reshaped the way we think of men, women, sex, and power.
Where were you on Thursday, October 5, 2017, the day it all started? We were at our desks, driving carpools, scrolling through emails on the train. We heard buzz swarming around a New York Times story. We knew it was big. We didn't know how big. In the Times story, reporters Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey converted years of brushed-away rumors into an on-the-record reveal: Mega-influential Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein had allegedly been systematically sexually harassing and sexually assaulting women for decades, including many of your favorite actresses. (Weinstein continues to deny the allegations, insisting the encounters were consensual.)
The exposé and the outpouring of stories that followed on Twitter and beyond — now known as the #MeToo movement, inspired by activist Tarana Burke’s coining of the phrase in 2006 — forced a conversation about the intersection of gender and power. When spoken in the booming collective, women's voices became too loud to dismiss. People started talking about their painful experiences with sexual harassment, sexual assault, and everyday, casual sexism. One year on, and we're still listening.
The #MeToo movement has affected public discourse and had tangible repercussions in workplaces in every arena. It has resulted in palpable changes: CEOs ousted, candidates defeated, public figures disgraced. Most recently, we saw a televised, quasi-job interview in which a prospective Supreme Court judge's past alleged incident of sexual misconduct was brought against him. Weinstein’s downfall was the catalyst we needed, but the women’s movement had been gaining momentum earlier in 2017, beginning with the Women’s March and bleeding into the ousting of powerful men. These are the most significant events that mark the radical shift in our cultural outlook regarding sexual misconduct, power dynamics, and the strength of women’s words.
2006: Activist Tarana Burke founds the nonprofit organization Just Be Inc., which serves survivors of sexual harassment and abuse. Burke calls her nonprofit’s movement “Me Too.” The phrase came to Burke in 1997 after she heard a 13-year-old sexual abuse survivor share her story during a youth camp. “I didn’t have a response or a way to help her in that moment, and I couldn’t even say ‘me too,’” Burke told the New York Times.
January 21, 2017: On the first full day of Donald Trump’s presidency, millions of people participate in the Women’s March on Washington to support gender equality and civil rights. While the March is based in Washington, D.C., there are other protests in cities around the world. The Women’s March on Washington is believed to be the largest single-day demonstration in U.S. history.
July 6, 2016: Gretchen Carlson files a sexual harassment suit against Fox News head Roger Ailes, setting off a stream of similar allegations. On July 21, Ailes resigns from his position, though he denies the harassment charges. The case remains unsettled because Ailes die in May 2017.
February 19, 2017: Uber employee Susan Fowler publishes a 3,000 word essay about her “very, very strange” year at Uber, in which she describes a toxic workplace culture where sexual harassment and misconduct occurred frequently. The essay leads to the resignation of Uber co-founder and CEO Travis Kalanick and the firing of 20 other employees who allegedly contributed to the company culture. Even before the #MeToo movement begins, other Silicon Valley companies see the ousting of CEOs following similar charges.
April 1, 2017: An explosive New York Times article details five women’s allegations of sexual harassment and misconduct against Fox News anchor Bill O’Reilly. After the article, advertisers begin to drop the O’Reilly Factor. President Donald Trump defends O’Reilly, saying he didn’t think “Bill did anything wrong.” Pressure mounts, and O’Reilly is eventually ousted from his position on April 17. O’Reilly denies the allegations, calling it a “political and financial hit job.”
October 6, 2015: Almost precisely two years before she was quoted in the Times exposé, Ashley Judd writes an essay in Variety detailing being sexually harassed by a then-unnamed media boss in a hotel room, who she now says was Harvey Weinstein.
October 5, 2017: Along with other actresses and former Weinstein Company employees, Ashley Judd accuses Weinstein of sexual harassment — this time, on the record — in Jodi Kantor and Meghan Twohey's incriminating New York Times story. In the aftermath, Weinstein publishes a public apology, the first of many public apologies the year would hold. The first sentence of Weinstein’s statement attributed his behavior to growing up in “the ‘60s and ‘70s, when all the rules about workplace and behavior were different,” and insisted the encounters were consensual. In the ensuing days, over 100 women would could come forward with allegations against Weinstein.
October 8, 2017: Weinstein is fired by his production company, the Weinstein Company.
October 10, 2017: In a New Yorker article by Ronan Farrow, 13 more women describe sexual harassment or assault at the hands of Weinstein. Farrow would then follow up his reporting with another New Yorker story published on November 6, in which he detailed how Weinstein allegedly used ex-Mossad agents to spy on women he feared would publicly condemn him for his alleged actions.
October 12, 2017: Roy Price, head of Amazon Studios, is suspended from his position after producer Isa Hackett accuses him of sexual harassment. Hackett first filed the claim in 2015. Price would ultimately resign five days later, on October 17.
October 16, 2017: The #MeToo hashtag movement is born on Twitter after Alyssa Milano encourages people to share their stories of sexual harassment and abuse in order to illustrate the near universality of the problem. #MeToo quickly becomes an international phenomenon, with women different countries translating the hashtag or creating their own. In France, “#BalanceTonPorc”, meaning “rat out your pig,” goes viral; in the Arab world, “#Ana_kaman,” translating to “me too,” is used millions of times.
October 18, 2017: Gymnast McKayla Maroney tweets about her sexual assault at the hands of U.S.A. gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar. After that, more than 150 other women would come forward with similar stories. In January 2018, Nassar would be sentenced to 40-175 years in prison for sexual abuse.
October 19, 2017: Repercussions of the #MeToo movement begin to affect many industries. On October 19, Lockhart Steele, Vox Media’s editorial director, is fired for sexual harassment. Within this week alone, sexual misconduct allegations are raised against restaurateur John Besh, director James Toback, fashion photographer Terry Richardson, Artforum publisher Knight Landesman, and journalist Mark Halperin. The list continues to grow: According to an in-depth infographic by Vox, over 200 celebrities, CEOs, and politicians have been accused of sexual misconduct.
October 29, 2017: Anthony Rapp tells BuzzFeed News that Kevin Spacey made a sexual advance at him when he was 14. In response to Rapp’s story about underage advances, Spacey announces he is gay, and claims he does not remember his encounter with Rapp. “But if I did behave as he describes, I owe him the sincerest apology for what would have been deeply inappropriate drunken behavior, and I am sorry for the feelings he describes having carried with him all these years,” Spacey writes. In the ensuing days and months, many more men would come forward with allegations. As of July 2018, there are six open sexual assault cases against Spacey in the U.K. Spacey is currently in rehab for sex addiction.
November 8, 2017: A month before All the Money in the World is set to premiere, director Ridley Scott reshoots all of Kevin Spacey’s scenes with Christopher Plummer, erasing Spacey (who played J.P. Getty) from the film. Plummer racks up a third Best Supporting Actor nomination as a result. It later emerges that Michelle Williams was paid for $1,000 for reshoots, while her co-star Mark Wahlberg walked away with $1.5 million, spurring another conversation about equal pay and gender parity.
November 9, 2017: Four women accuse Roy Moore, the Republican candidate for U.S. Senate in an Alabama special election, of sexual misconduct in a Washington Post article. Five more women would join them, raising the number of women who said Moore pursued them when they were teenagers to nine.
November 9, 2017: Comedian Louis C.K. is accused by five women of sexual misconduct. The next day, C.K. confirms the reports. The movie I Love You, Daddy, which C.K. directed, was scheduled to premiere on November 17, but instead is dropped by the distribution company. C.K. buys the film's rights back.
November 17, 2017: Senator Al Franken is accused of inappropriate groping during a 2006 USO trip by radio host Leann Tweeden. More women come forward with their own experiences. Franken resigns from his position as senator on December 7.
November 29, 2017: The Today Show begins with the announcement that Matt Lauer has been fired by NBC for sexual misconduct. In April 2018, Lauer publicly denies the allegations.
December 4, 2017: President Donald Trump enthusiastically endorses Roy Moore, the Alabama Senate candidate accused of sexual misconduct, on Twitter.
December 6, 2017: Time Magazine names "the Silence Breakers," the men and women who spoke about their experiences with sexual misconduct, as Person of the Year.
December 7, 2017: In an L.A. Times op-ed, Dylan Farrow questions why her father, Woody Allen, has been spared from intense scrutiny by the #MeToo movement. Farrow has long maintained that Allen sexually assaulted her when she was seven years old. Allen denies the charges.
December 11, 2017: Mario Batali is accused of sexual misconduct by four women in an Eater article. Four days later, Batali is fired as one of four hosts of ABC's The Chew. As of May 21, 2018, Batali is under investigation by the NYPD for sexual assault charges, which Batali denies.
December 13, 2017: Roy Moore is defeated by democrat Doug Jones in the Alabama special election. The #MeToo movement was credited for giving women a safe space to come forward and influence the election. This is the first time an Alabama Democrat won a seat in the Senate in 25 years.
December 19, 2017: Women factory workers at Ford go on the record about rampant sexual harassment at two Chicago plants in a New York Times exposé.
January 1, 2018: Time's Up, an initiative spearheaded by 300 women working film, TV, and theater, is announced with an open letter in the New York Times and in the Spanish language newspaper La Opinion. The Time's Up Legal Defense Fund is aimed at supporting the sexual assault and harassment cases of less-privileged individuals.
January 7, 2018: The #MeToo and Time's Up movements are present at the Golden Globe awards. Actors and actresses participate in a red carpet "blackout" by wearing black gowns and Time's Up pins. The event’s proceedings are heavily colored by the atmosphere in Hollywood. While accepting the Cecil B. DeMille Award for Lifetime Achievement, Oprah Winfrey praises the women who came forward with their stories. "For too long, women have not been heard or believed if they dared to speak the truth to the power of those men. But their time is up. Their time is up," Winfrey said. Awards go to works that depict strong women, like Big Little Lies and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
January 10, 2018: Writer Moira Donegan comes forward as the creator of the Shitty Media Men list, an anonymous Google spreadsheet dating back to October that allowed people to collate rumors and incidents of sexual misconduct regarding men in media, after Donegan learns Harper’s Magazine planned to dox her identity in an article. About 70 men were accused in total. The Harper’s article runs in the March 2018 issue, and indeed names Donegan as the list’s creator.
January 11, 2018: Five women accuse James Franco of inappropriate behavior in an article in the L.A. Times. The first allegation comes days before on the evening of the Golden Globes, when actress Violet Paley tweets her experiences with Franco. James Franco responds to allegations on the Late Show with Stephen Colbert. “I don’t want to shut them down in any way. I think it’s a good thing and I support it,” Franco says. Franco wins a Golden Globe for his role in The Disaster Artist, but is ignored by the Academy Awards.
January 14, 2018: In an article on Babe.net, a photographer who went by the alias “Grace” recalls a murky sexual experience with comedian Aziz Ansari, spurring a conversation about the role of consent in typical, quotidien sexual encounters. The next day, Ansari responds that he took Way’s “words to heart” and that he “continues to support the movement that is happening in our culture. It is necessary and long overdue.”
January 20, 2018: Millions participate in the second annual Women's March.
February 3, 2018: In a New York Times article, Uma Thurman recalls the time Harvey Weinstein allegedly forced himself on her in a London hotel room. Thurman also recounts a harrowing near-death experience on the set of Kill Bill, claiming that director Quentin Tarantino coerced her to do a dangerous stunt. In an interview with Deadline, Tarantino called the crash “one of the biggest regrets” of his life.
March 4, 2018: The #MeToo and Time’s Up movements come to the Oscars. During a dedicated segment, Annabella Sciorra, Ashley Judd, and Salma Hayek, three of Weinstein’s many accusers, spoke of the movements and the changes they hope to see take place in Hollywood and beyond. “We salute those unstoppable spirits who kicked ass and broke through the bias perception against their gender, race, and ethnicity to tell their stories,”Hayek says. After winning Best Actress for her work in Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Frances McDormand ends the Oscars with an incendiary call-to-arms masquerading as an acceptance speech. “Look around, ladies and gentlemen, because we all have stories to tell and projects we need financed. Don’t talk to us about it at the parties tonight; invite us into your office in a couple days — or you can come to ours, whichever suits you best — and we’ll tell you all about them,” McDormand says. She also introduces the world to inclusion riders.
April 16, 2018: Jodi Cantor and Megan Twohey of the New York Times and Ronan Farrow of The New Yorker win the Pulitzer Prize for public service.
April 29, 2018: At the Tribeca Film Festival, Time’s Up reports that 2,500 women have sought help from its Legal Defense Fund.
April 30, 2018: R. Kelly’s Chicago concert is cancelled. Other shows, including one in New York, are cancelled. Despite a July 2017 Buzzfeed article that exposed R. Kelly’s “sex cult,” Kelly’s career had remained relatively unaffected by allegations until 2018. The women’s movement allowed the #MuteRKelly movement, started by Kenyette Barnes and Oronike Odeleye, to gain traction. “We're calling for a complete and total mute. We don't want to hear him on the radio. We do not want him on streaming services. We do not want him booked at concerts. We want the collective society to erase him from our consciousness. So that he can no longer be insulated from the consequences of his crime,” explained movement founder Odeleye to NPR. On May 10, the music streaming service Spotify removes Kelly from its playlist and algorithmic recommendations as part of its Hate and Hateful Conduct policy, but reverses the policy in June.
May 4, 2018: Writer Zinzi Clemmons claims that writer Junot Díaz forcibly kissed her at a workshop. Other women writers follow suit, accusing Díaz of verbal assault and misogyny. The month prior, Díaz had come forward with his own experiences of childhood sexual assault in a New Yorker essay. Díaz denies the allegations.
May 25, 2018: Harvey Weinstein turns himself into New York authorities to face rape charges related to an accusation by Lucia Evans.
June 25, 2018: A study by New York-based crisis consulting firm Temin & Co demonstrates the breadth of the #MeToo movement’s impact. The study finds at least 417 high-profile executives and employees were outed by the movement over the course of the past 18 months. The accusations spiked after the Weinstein exposé. The statistics were telling: All but seven of the 417 were men, and only 8 were in a consensual relationships with their accusers. The report says 193 have resigned or been fired, 122 suspended, and 69 haven’t been impacted.
July 26, 2018: An article in The Atlantic determines that claims of sexual misconduct have ended 25 political campaigns in 2018 across both Democratic and Republican party lines.
August 6, 2018: Ronan Farrow releases yet another bombshell piece in The New Yorker, this time detailing six allegations of sexual misconduct against CBS CEO Les Moonves. On September 9, Moonves stepped down as CEO. after six more women levelled allegations against him. Moonves claims he will donte $20 million to organizations that support #MeToo.
August 14, 2018: NYU professor Avital Ronnell is accused by a male former doctoral student of unwanted sexual advances. Ronnell denies the allegations. This altercation shows that unhealthy power dynamics are not limited to men preying on women.
August 19, 2018: Asia Argento, one of the first women to come forward against Harvey Weinstein, is accused of sexually assaulting and then paying off her former co-star Jimmy Bennett. The altercation allegedly took place in 2013, when Argento was 37 and Bennett was 17. "Sexual violence is about power and privilege. That doesn't change if the perpetrator is your favorite actress, activist or professor of any gender,” tweeted Tarana Burke of the incident.
August 28, 2018: Louis C.K. comes back to public life with his a surprise stand-up set at the Comedy Cellar. The audience had a mixed reaction — some applauded, others left the theater. The reaction on the internet was similarly muddled, with some comedians like Michael Che and Michael Ian Black commending his return and others, like Aparna Nancherla, expressing dismay. Following the controversy, the Cellar instituted the following disclaimer on tickets: “If an unannounced appearance is not your cup of tea, you are free to leave (unobtrusively please) no questions asked, your check on the house.”
September 4, 2018: Los Angeles District Attorney's Office announces that it will not file sexual assault charges against Kevin Spacey and actor Steven Seagal. The D.A.'s office also drops charges against Black-ish actor Anthony Anderson for lack of sufficient evidence.
Sept. 16, 2018: Dr. Christine Blasey Ford is revealed as the woman who accused Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexual assault when they were in high school in Bethesda, MD. Allegedly, Kavanaugh held Ford down on a bed, smothered her screams with his hand, and attempted to force himself on her. Ford was able to escape. Ford is the first of at least three women to come forward with sexual misconduct allegations against Kavanaugh, including Yale classmate Deborah Ramirez and Julie Swetnick.
September 25, 2018: Bill Cosby is sentenced to three to 10 years in prison for sexual assault. Cosby’s is the first celebrity conviction since the #MeToo movement began. Comedian Hannibal Buress first mentioned Cosby’s alleged actions during a 2014 comedy set, prompting the public to reconsider the once-beloved comic’s treatment of women — and giving Cosby’s accusers space to come forward before the #MeToo movement.
September 27, 2018: The country is captivated watching Dr. Christine Blasey Ford and Brett Kavanaugh testify before the Senate. More than 20 million people tune into the hearing. The Senate vote that will determine whether Kavanaugh will become a Supreme Court Justice is set to occur after the one-week FBI background investigation takes place.
September 28, 2018: Convicted sex offender and film director Roman Polanski announced his first film in the #MeToo era will be called J’Accuse, and will be about a soldier wrongly accused of spying.
October 2, 2018: Leading feminist thinker Rebecca Traister publishes the book Good and Mad, which speaks to the revolutionary power of women’s anger.
October 5, 2018: One year after his outing in the Times, Harvey Weinstein sits in his New York apartment on house arrest, awaiting trial for two counts of criminal sexual act in the first degree, two counts of rape and two counts of predatory sexual assault. He faces a potential life sentence.
If you have experienced sexual violence and are in need of crisis support, please call the RAINN Sexual Assault Hotline at 1-800-656-HOPE (4673).
Related Stories
Rosanna Arquette Reflects On #MeToo, 1 Year Later
#MeToo Personal Essays By Male Harassers: But Why?
The 2017 Emmys & The #MeToo Reckoning

 
ME TOO MOVEMENT 1-YEAR TIMELINE MOST IMPORTANT MOMENTS
CULTURE • ENTERTAINMENT • ENTERTAINMENT NEWS • FEMINISM • NEWS • POLITICS • POP CULTURE • WORK & MONEY
WRITTEN BY
ELENA NICOLAOU
GETTY IMAGES, DESIGN BY LOUISA CANNELL
Editors' Picks
TECH
29 Genius Father's Day Gadgets For Every Type Of Dad
MADELINE BUXTONMAY 30, 2019
WORK & MONEY
How To End A Work Email Without Annoying Your Recipient
by LUDMILA LEIVA
BEAUTY
Blonde Balayage Is The Hot Summer Hair Color You Need To Try
by MEGAN DECKER
More from News
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
A Ton Of New Details From The Jussie Smollett Case Just Came Out — Here's...
KAITLIN REILLY5 HOURS AGO
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
R. Kelly Charged With 11 New Sex-Related Crimes
by KAITLIN REILLY
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
This Photo Just Made The College Admissions Scandal Even More Awk...
by KATHRYN LINDSAY
BEST OF NETFLIX
When They See Us Is Based On A Shameful Chapter In New Y...
by ELENA NICOLAOU
TV SHOWS
Where Is Trisha Meili, The "Central Park Jogger," Now?
by ELENA NICOLAOU
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Why Ashton Kutcher Testified In The Trial For Ashley Ellerin'...
by KATHRYN LINDSAY
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Meghan Markle Reportedly Won't Meet With Trump During His U....
by MADISON MEDEIROS
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Ashley Judd Intends To Take Harvey Weinstein To Trial Despite His...
by ALEXIS RELIFORD
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
What Is Happening With Wendy Williams' Dramatic Divorce?
by KAITLIN REILLY
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Harvey Weinstein Reportedly Plans To Settle Lawsuits With $44 Mil...
by KATHRYN LINDSAY
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
The Suspect Who Allegedly Killed Nipsey Hussle Has Reportedly Bee...
by KAITLIN REILLY
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
The Most Disturbing Details From The NXIVM Sex Cult Case
by KATHRYN LINDSAY
Watch
R29 Original Series
WATCH NOW
FILM
We helped 12 female directors claim their power.
WATCH NOW
DOCUMENTARY
The latest stories to watch.
WATCH NOW
FASHION
The style of subculture.
WATCH NOW
DOCUMENTARY
Five love stories behind diverse, multicultural marriages.
WATCH NOW
DOCUMENTARY
From vibrators to lipstick, learn how your favorite products are made.
WATCH NOW
DOCUMENTARY
Extraordinary, one-of-a-kind individuals
WATCH NOW
POLITICS
Made by and for smart, opinionated women.
WATCH NOW
LIFESTYLE
Inside the homes of millennial women — & what they paid for them
WATCH NOW
COMEDY
Let's talk about sex, baby.
WATCH NOW
DOCUMENTARY
Female artisans around the world
WATCH NOW
LIFESTYLE
Life experiments, 5 days at a time.
WATCH NOW
BEAUTY
Viral trends, tried and tested.
Trending Videos
FASHION
I Tried A 7-Item Capsule Wardrobe & It Wasn't Nearly As ...
HOME
I Live In Austin—& I Pay $1,450 In Rent
VIDEO
This Haunting Portrayal Of Abortion Is Just A Glimpse Of What’...
BEAUTY
Gigi Hadid's Makeup Artist Did My Makeup & I Never Want To ...
Discover
R29 STORIES & NEWS
Watch
R29 ORIGINAL SERIES & FILMS
Shop
R29'S MOST WANTED

© 2019 REFINERY29 INC.
COMPANY
About Us
Jobs
Press
Advertising
Feedback
Refinery29 Intelligence
INFORMATION
R29 News
Terms
Privacy
Archives
RSS
EDITIONS
United Kingdom
Germany
France
Canada
NEWSLETTER SIGN-UP

EMAIL ADDRESS
GO!

Skip navigation!
US
Story from ENTERTAINMENT NEWS


A #MeToo Timeline To Show How Far We've Come — & How Far We Need To Go
ELENA NICOLAOU
OCTOBER 4, 2018, 2:30 PM

It’s been one year since the New York Times and New Yorker investigation into the sexual misdeeds of Harvey Weinstein unleashed the #MeToo movement and a courageous fury over the ways women are mistreated. We look back at the movement that has completely reshaped the way we think of men, women, sex, and power.
Where were you on Thursday, October 5, 2017, the day it all started? We were at our desks, driving carpools, scrolling through emails on the train. We heard buzz swarming around a New York Times story. We knew it was big. We didn't know how big. In the Times story, reporters Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey converted years of brushed-away rumors into an on-the-record reveal: Mega-influential Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein had allegedly been systematically sexually harassing and sexually assaulting women for decades, including many of your favorite actresses. (Weinstein continues to deny the allegations, insisting the encounters were consensual.)
The exposé and the outpouring of stories that followed on Twitter and beyond — now known as the #MeToo movement, inspired by activist Tarana Burke’s coining of the phrase in 2006 — forced a conversation about the intersection of gender and power. When spoken in the booming collective, women's voices became too loud to dismiss. People started talking about their painful experiences with sexual harassment, sexual assault, and everyday, casual sexism. One year on, and we're still listening.
The #MeToo movement has affected public discourse and had tangible repercussions in workplaces in every arena. It has resulted in palpable changes: CEOs ousted, candidates defeated, public figures disgraced. Most recently, we saw a televised, quasi-job interview in which a prospective Supreme Court judge's past alleged incident of sexual misconduct was brought against him. Weinstein’s downfall was the catalyst we needed, but the women’s movement had been gaining momentum earlier in 2017, beginning with the Women’s March and bleeding into the ousting of powerful men. These are the most significant events that mark the radical shift in our cultural outlook regarding sexual misconduct, power dynamics, and the strength of women’s words.
2006: Activist Tarana Burke founds the nonprofit organization Just Be Inc., which serves survivors of sexual harassment and abuse. Burke calls her nonprofit’s movement “Me Too.” The phrase came to Burke in 1997 after she heard a 13-year-old sexual abuse survivor share her story during a youth camp. “I didn’t have a response or a way to help her in that moment, and I couldn’t even say ‘me too,’” Burke told the New York Times.
January 21, 2017: On the first full day of Donald Trump’s presidency, millions of people participate in the Women’s March on Washington to support gender equality and civil rights. While the March is based in Washington, D.C., there are other protests in cities around the world. The Women’s March on Washington is believed to be the largest single-day demonstration in U.S. history.
July 6, 2016: Gretchen Carlson files a sexual harassment suit against Fox News head Roger Ailes, setting off a stream of similar allegations. On July 21, Ailes resigns from his position, though he denies the harassment charges. The case remains unsettled because Ailes die in May 2017.
February 19, 2017: Uber employee Susan Fowler publishes a 3,000 word essay about her “very, very strange” year at Uber, in which she describes a toxic workplace culture where sexual harassment and misconduct occurred frequently. The essay leads to the resignation of Uber co-founder and CEO Travis Kalanick and the firing of 20 other employees who allegedly contributed to the company culture. Even before the #MeToo movement begins, other Silicon Valley companies see the ousting of CEOs following similar charges.
April 1, 2017: An explosive New York Times article details five women’s allegations of sexual harassment and misconduct against Fox News anchor Bill O’Reilly. After the article, advertisers begin to drop the O’Reilly Factor. President Donald Trump defends O’Reilly, saying he didn’t think “Bill did anything wrong.” Pressure mounts, and O’Reilly is eventually ousted from his position on April 17. O’Reilly denies the allegations, calling it a “political and financial hit job.”
October 6, 2015: Almost precisely two years before she was quoted in the Times exposé, Ashley Judd writes an essay in Variety detailing being sexually harassed by a then-unnamed media boss in a hotel room, who she now says was Harvey Weinstein.
October 5, 2017: Along with other actresses and former Weinstein Company employees, Ashley Judd accuses Weinstein of sexual harassment — this time, on the record — in Jodi Kantor and Meghan Twohey's incriminating New York Times story. In the aftermath, Weinstein publishes a public apology, the first of many public apologies the year would hold. The first sentence of Weinstein’s statement attributed his behavior to growing up in “the ‘60s and ‘70s, when all the rules about workplace and behavior were different,” and insisted the encounters were consensual. In the ensuing days, over 100 women would could come forward with allegations against Weinstein.
October 8, 2017: Weinstein is fired by his production company, the Weinstein Company.
October 10, 2017: In a New Yorker article by Ronan Farrow, 13 more women describe sexual harassment or assault at the hands of Weinstein. Farrow would then follow up his reporting with another New Yorker story published on November 6, in which he detailed how Weinstein allegedly used ex-Mossad agents to spy on women he feared would publicly condemn him for his alleged actions.
October 12, 2017: Roy Price, head of Amazon Studios, is suspended from his position after producer Isa Hackett accuses him of sexual harassment. Hackett first filed the claim in 2015. Price would ultimately resign five days later, on October 17.
October 16, 2017: The #MeToo hashtag movement is born on Twitter after Alyssa Milano encourages people to share their stories of sexual harassment and abuse in order to illustrate the near universality of the problem. #MeToo quickly becomes an international phenomenon, with women different countries translating the hashtag or creating their own. In France, “#BalanceTonPorc”, meaning “rat out your pig,” goes viral; in the Arab world, “#Ana_kaman,” translating to “me too,” is used millions of times.
October 18, 2017: Gymnast McKayla Maroney tweets about her sexual assault at the hands of U.S.A. gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar. After that, more than 150 other women would come forward with similar stories. In January 2018, Nassar would be sentenced to 40-175 years in prison for sexual abuse.
October 19, 2017: Repercussions of the #MeToo movement begin to affect many industries. On October 19, Lockhart Steele, Vox Media’s editorial director, is fired for sexual harassment. Within this week alone, sexual misconduct allegations are raised against restaurateur John Besh, director James Toback, fashion photographer Terry Richardson, Artforum publisher Knight Landesman, and journalist Mark Halperin. The list continues to grow: According to an in-depth infographic by Vox, over 200 celebrities, CEOs, and politicians have been accused of sexual misconduct.
October 29, 2017: Anthony Rapp tells BuzzFeed News that Kevin Spacey made a sexual advance at him when he was 14. In response to Rapp’s story about underage advances, Spacey announces he is gay, and claims he does not remember his encounter with Rapp. “But if I did behave as he describes, I owe him the sincerest apology for what would have been deeply inappropriate drunken behavior, and I am sorry for the feelings he describes having carried with him all these years,” Spacey writes. In the ensuing days and months, many more men would come forward with allegations. As of July 2018, there are six open sexual assault cases against Spacey in the U.K. Spacey is currently in rehab for sex addiction.
November 8, 2017: A month before All the Money in the World is set to premiere, director Ridley Scott reshoots all of Kevin Spacey’s scenes with Christopher Plummer, erasing Spacey (who played J.P. Getty) from the film. Plummer racks up a third Best Supporting Actor nomination as a result. It later emerges that Michelle Williams was paid for $1,000 for reshoots, while her co-star Mark Wahlberg walked away with $1.5 million, spurring another conversation about equal pay and gender parity.
November 9, 2017: Four women accuse Roy Moore, the Republican candidate for U.S. Senate in an Alabama special election, of sexual misconduct in a Washington Post article. Five more women would join them, raising the number of women who said Moore pursued them when they were teenagers to nine.
November 9, 2017: Comedian Louis C.K. is accused by five women of sexual misconduct. The next day, C.K. confirms the reports. The movie I Love You, Daddy, which C.K. directed, was scheduled to premiere on November 17, but instead is dropped by the distribution company. C.K. buys the film's rights back.
November 17, 2017: Senator Al Franken is accused of inappropriate groping during a 2006 USO trip by radio host Leann Tweeden. More women come forward with their own experiences. Franken resigns from his position as senator on December 7.
November 29, 2017: The Today Show begins with the announcement that Matt Lauer has been fired by NBC for sexual misconduct. In April 2018, Lauer publicly denies the allegations.
December 4, 2017: President Donald Trump enthusiastically endorses Roy Moore, the Alabama Senate candidate accused of sexual misconduct, on Twitter.
December 6, 2017: Time Magazine names "the Silence Breakers," the men and women who spoke about their experiences with sexual misconduct, as Person of the Year.
December 7, 2017: In an L.A. Times op-ed, Dylan Farrow questions why her father, Woody Allen, has been spared from intense scrutiny by the #MeToo movement. Farrow has long maintained that Allen sexually assaulted her when she was seven years old. Allen denies the charges.
December 11, 2017: Mario Batali is accused of sexual misconduct by four women in an Eater article. Four days later, Batali is fired as one of four hosts of ABC's The Chew. As of May 21, 2018, Batali is under investigation by the NYPD for sexual assault charges, which Batali denies.
December 13, 2017: Roy Moore is defeated by democrat Doug Jones in the Alabama special election. The #MeToo movement was credited for giving women a safe space to come forward and influence the election. This is the first time an Alabama Democrat won a seat in the Senate in 25 years.
December 19, 2017: Women factory workers at Ford go on the record about rampant sexual harassment at two Chicago plants in a New York Times exposé.
January 1, 2018: Time's Up, an initiative spearheaded by 300 women working film, TV, and theater, is announced with an open letter in the New York Times and in the Spanish language newspaper La Opinion. The Time's Up Legal Defense Fund is aimed at supporting the sexual assault and harassment cases of less-privileged individuals.
January 7, 2018: The #MeToo and Time's Up movements are present at the Golden Globe awards. Actors and actresses participate in a red carpet "blackout" by wearing black gowns and Time's Up pins. The event’s proceedings are heavily colored by the atmosphere in Hollywood. While accepting the Cecil B. DeMille Award for Lifetime Achievement, Oprah Winfrey praises the women who came forward with their stories. "For too long, women have not been heard or believed if they dared to speak the truth to the power of those men. But their time is up. Their time is up," Winfrey said. Awards go to works that depict strong women, like Big Little Lies and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
January 10, 2018: Writer Moira Donegan comes forward as the creator of the Shitty Media Men list, an anonymous Google spreadsheet dating back to October that allowed people to collate rumors and incidents of sexual misconduct regarding men in media, after Donegan learns Harper’s Magazine planned to dox her identity in an article. About 70 men were accused in total. The Harper’s article runs in the March 2018 issue, and indeed names Donegan as the list’s creator.
January 11, 2018: Five women accuse James Franco of inappropriate behavior in an article in the L.A. Times. The first allegation comes days before on the evening of the Golden Globes, when actress Violet Paley tweets her experiences with Franco. James Franco responds to allegations on the Late Show with Stephen Colbert. “I don’t want to shut them down in any way. I think it’s a good thing and I support it,” Franco says. Franco wins a Golden Globe for his role in The Disaster Artist, but is ignored by the Academy Awards.
January 14, 2018: In an article on Babe.net, a photographer who went by the alias “Grace” recalls a murky sexual experience with comedian Aziz Ansari, spurring a conversation about the role of consent in typical, quotidien sexual encounters. The next day, Ansari responds that he took Way’s “words to heart” and that he “continues to support the movement that is happening in our culture. It is necessary and long overdue.”
January 20, 2018: Millions participate in the second annual Women's March.
February 3, 2018: In a New York Times article, Uma Thurman recalls the time Harvey Weinstein allegedly forced himself on her in a London hotel room. Thurman also recounts a harrowing near-death experience on the set of Kill Bill, claiming that director Quentin Tarantino coerced her to do a dangerous stunt. In an interview with Deadline, Tarantino called the crash “one of the biggest regrets” of his life.
March 4, 2018: The #MeToo and Time’s Up movements come to the Oscars. During a dedicated segment, Annabella Sciorra, Ashley Judd, and Salma Hayek, three of Weinstein’s many accusers, spoke of the movements and the changes they hope to see take place in Hollywood and beyond. “We salute those unstoppable spirits who kicked ass and broke through the bias perception against their gender, race, and ethnicity to tell their stories,”Hayek says. After winning Best Actress for her work in Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Frances McDormand ends the Oscars with an incendiary call-to-arms masquerading as an acceptance speech. “Look around, ladies and gentlemen, because we all have stories to tell and projects we need financed. Don’t talk to us about it at the parties tonight; invite us into your office in a couple days — or you can come to ours, whichever suits you best — and we’ll tell you all about them,” McDormand says. She also introduces the world to inclusion riders.
April 16, 2018: Jodi Cantor and Megan Twohey of the New York Times and Ronan Farrow of The New Yorker win the Pulitzer Prize for public service.
April 29, 2018: At the Tribeca Film Festival, Time’s Up reports that 2,500 women have sought help from its Legal Defense Fund.
April 30, 2018: R. Kelly’s Chicago concert is cancelled. Other shows, including one in New York, are cancelled. Despite a July 2017 Buzzfeed article that exposed R. Kelly’s “sex cult,” Kelly’s career had remained relatively unaffected by allegations until 2018. The women’s movement allowed the #MuteRKelly movement, started by Kenyette Barnes and Oronike Odeleye, to gain traction. “We're calling for a complete and total mute. We don't want to hear him on the radio. We do not want him on streaming services. We do not want him booked at concerts. We want the collective society to erase him from our consciousness. So that he can no longer be insulated from the consequences of his crime,” explained movement founder Odeleye to NPR. On May 10, the music streaming service Spotify removes Kelly from its playlist and algorithmic recommendations as part of its Hate and Hateful Conduct policy, but reverses the policy in June.
May 4, 2018: Writer Zinzi Clemmons claims that writer Junot Díaz forcibly kissed her at a workshop. Other women writers follow suit, accusing Díaz of verbal assault and misogyny. The month prior, Díaz had come forward with his own experiences of childhood sexual assault in a New Yorker essay. Díaz denies the allegations.
May 25, 2018: Harvey Weinstein turns himself into New York authorities to face rape charges related to an accusation by Lucia Evans.
June 25, 2018: A study by New York-based crisis consulting firm Temin & Co demonstrates the breadth of the #MeToo movement’s impact. The study finds at least 417 high-profile executives and employees were outed by the movement over the course of the past 18 months. The accusations spiked after the Weinstein exposé. The statistics were telling: All but seven of the 417 were men, and only 8 were in a consensual relationships with their accusers. The report says 193 have resigned or been fired, 122 suspended, and 69 haven’t been impacted.
July 26, 2018: An article in The Atlantic determines that claims of sexual misconduct have ended 25 political campaigns in 2018 across both Democratic and Republican party lines.
August 6, 2018: Ronan Farrow releases yet another bombshell piece in The New Yorker, this time detailing six allegations of sexual misconduct against CBS CEO Les Moonves. On September 9, Moonves stepped down as CEO. after six more women levelled allegations against him. Moonves claims he will donte $20 million to organizations that support #MeToo.
August 14, 2018: NYU professor Avital Ronnell is accused by a male former doctoral student of unwanted sexual advances. Ronnell denies the allegations. This altercation shows that unhealthy power dynamics are not limited to men preying on women.
August 19, 2018: Asia Argento, one of the first women to come forward against Harvey Weinstein, is accused of sexually assaulting and then paying off her former co-star Jimmy Bennett. The altercation allegedly took place in 2013, when Argento was 37 and Bennett was 17. "Sexual violence is about power and privilege. That doesn't change if the perpetrator is your favorite actress, activist or professor of any gender,” tweeted Tarana Burke of the incident.
August 28, 2018: Louis C.K. comes back to public life with his a surprise stand-up set at the Comedy Cellar. The audience had a mixed reaction — some applauded, others left the theater. The reaction on the internet was similarly muddled, with some comedians like Michael Che and Michael Ian Black commending his return and others, like Aparna Nancherla, expressing dismay. Following the controversy, the Cellar instituted the following disclaimer on tickets: “If an unannounced appearance is not your cup of tea, you are free to leave (unobtrusively please) no questions asked, your check on the house.”
September 4, 2018: Los Angeles District Attorney's Office announces that it will not file sexual assault charges against Kevin Spacey and actor Steven Seagal. The D.A.'s office also drops charges against Black-ish actor Anthony Anderson for lack of sufficient evidence.
Sept. 16, 2018: Dr. Christine Blasey Ford is revealed as the woman who accused Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexual assault when they were in high school in Bethesda, MD. Allegedly, Kavanaugh held Ford down on a bed, smothered her screams with his hand, and attempted to force himself on her. Ford was able to escape. Ford is the first of at least three women to come forward with sexual misconduct allegations against Kavanaugh, including Yale classmate Deborah Ramirez and Julie Swetnick.
September 25, 2018: Bill Cosby is sentenced to three to 10 years in prison for sexual assault. Cosby’s is the first celebrity conviction since the #MeToo movement began. Comedian Hannibal Buress first mentioned Cosby’s alleged actions during a 2014 comedy set, prompting the public to reconsider the once-beloved comic’s treatment of women — and giving Cosby’s accusers space to come forward before the #MeToo movement.
September 27, 2018: The country is captivated watching Dr. Christine Blasey Ford and Brett Kavanaugh testify before the Senate. More than 20 million people tune into the hearing. The Senate vote that will determine whether Kavanaugh will become a Supreme Court Justice is set to occur after the one-week FBI background investigation takes place.
September 28, 2018: Convicted sex offender and film director Roman Polanski announced his first film in the #MeToo era will be called J’Accuse, and will be about a soldier wrongly accused of spying.
October 2, 2018: Leading feminist thinker Rebecca Traister publishes the book Good and Mad, which speaks to the revolutionary power of women’s anger.
October 5, 2018: One year after his outing in the Times, Harvey Weinstein sits in his New York apartment on house arrest, awaiting trial for two counts of criminal sexual act in the first degree, two counts of rape and two counts of predatory sexual assault. He faces a potential life sentence.
If you have experienced sexual violence and are in need of crisis support, please call the RAINN Sexual Assault Hotline at 1-800-656-HOPE (4673).
Related Stories
Rosanna Arquette Reflects On #MeToo, 1 Year Later
#MeToo Personal Essays By Male Harassers: But Why?
The 2017 Emmys & The #MeToo Reckoning

 
ME TOO MOVEMENT 1-YEAR TIMELINE MOST IMPORTANT MOMENTS
CULTURE • ENTERTAINMENT • ENTERTAINMENT NEWS • FEMINISM • NEWS • POLITICS • POP CULTURE • WORK & MONEY
WRITTEN BY
ELENA NICOLAOU
GETTY IMAGES, DESIGN BY LOUISA CANNELL
Editors' Picks
TECH
29 Genius Father's Day Gadgets For Every Type Of Dad
MADELINE BUXTONMAY 30, 2019
WORK & MONEY
How To End A Work Email Without Annoying Your Recipient
by LUDMILA LEIVA
BEAUTY
Blonde Balayage Is The Hot Summer Hair Color You Need To Try
by MEGAN DECKER
More from News
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
A Ton Of New Details From The Jussie Smollett Case Just Came Out — Here's...
KAITLIN REILLY5 HOURS AGO
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
R. Kelly Charged With 11 New Sex-Related Crimes
by KAITLIN REILLY
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
This Photo Just Made The College Admissions Scandal Even More Awk...
by KATHRYN LINDSAY
BEST OF NETFLIX
When They See Us Is Based On A Shameful Chapter In New Y...
by ELENA NICOLAOU
TV SHOWS
Where Is Trisha Meili, The "Central Park Jogger," Now?
by ELENA NICOLAOU
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Why Ashton Kutcher Testified In The Trial For Ashley Ellerin'...
by KATHRYN LINDSAY
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Meghan Markle Reportedly Won't Meet With Trump During His U....
by MADISON MEDEIROS
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Ashley Judd Intends To Take Harvey Weinstein To Trial Despite His...
by ALEXIS RELIFORD
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
What Is Happening With Wendy Williams' Dramatic Divorce?
by KAITLIN REILLY
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Harvey Weinstein Reportedly Plans To Settle Lawsuits With $44 Mil...
by KATHRYN LINDSAY
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
The Suspect Who Allegedly Killed Nipsey Hussle Has Reportedly Bee...
by KAITLIN REILLY
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
The Most Disturbing Details From The NXIVM Sex Cult Case
by KATHRYN LINDSAY
Watch
R29 Original Series
WATCH NOW
FILM
We helped 12 female directors claim their power.
WATCH NOW
DOCUMENTARY
The latest stories to watch.
WATCH NOW
FASHION
The style of subculture.
WATCH NOW
DOCUMENTARY
Five love stories behind diverse, multicultural marriages.
WATCH NOW
DOCUMENTARY
From vibrators to lipstick, learn how your favorite products are made.
WATCH NOW
DOCUMENTARY
Extraordinary, one-of-a-kind individuals
WATCH NOW
POLITICS
Made by and for smart, opinionated women.
WATCH NOW
LIFESTYLE
Inside the homes of millennial women — & what they paid for them
WATCH NOW
COMEDY
Let's talk about sex, baby.
WATCH NOW
DOCUMENTARY
Female artisans around the world
WATCH NOW
LIFESTYLE
Life experiments, 5 days at a time.
WATCH NOW
BEAUTY
Viral trends, tried and tested.
Trending Videos
FASHION
I Tried A 7-Item Capsule Wardrobe & It Wasn't Nearly As ...
HOME
I Live In Austin—& I Pay $1,450 In Rent
VIDEO
This Haunting Portrayal Of Abortion Is Just A Glimpse Of What’...
BEAUTY
Gigi Hadid's Makeup Artist Did My Makeup & I Never Want To ...
Discover
R29 STORIES & NEWS
Watch
R29 ORIGINAL SERIES & FILMS
Shop
R29'S MOST WANTED

© 2019 REFINERY29 INC.
COMPANY
About Us
Jobs
Press
Advertising
Feedback
Refinery29 Intelligence
INFORMATION
R29 News
Terms
Privacy
Archives
RSS
EDITIONS
United Kingdom
Germany
France
Canada
NEWSLETTER SIGN-UP

EMAIL ADDRESS
GO!


SUBSCRIBE  
Search
Home
U.S.
Politics
World
Business
Tech
Health
Entertainment
Science
Newsfeed
Living
Sports
History
The TIME Vault
Magazine
Ideas
TIME Labs
Audio
Photography
Videos
The Goods
Shop TIME
Press Room
The 100 Most Influential People
Finding Home
TIME Guide to Happiness
The ISS Experience
Next Generation Leaders
Opioids
Person of the Year
Top of the World
TIME Cover Store
TIME for KiDS
TIME Edge
Subscribe
Give a Gift
Newsletters
Feedback
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights
Terms of Use
Ad Choices
RSS
TIME Apps
Advertising
Reprints and Permissions
Site Map
Help
Customer Service
EU Customer Service
STAY CONNECTED
HISTORY
Even People Who Were There Still Don’t Agree on How Stonewall Started. Here’s What We Do Know
U.S.
New Sex-Assault Charges Could Lead to Stricter Penalty, Jail Time for R Kelly if Convicted
U.S.
Shooting in Virginia Beach Results in 'Multiple People Wounded,' Police Say
NEWSFEED
5 Songs You Need to Listen to This Weekend
ENTERTAINMENT
Here Are All the Public Figures Who’ve Been Accused of Sexual Misconduct After Harvey Weinstein
 Play Video
BY SAMANTHA COONEY 
UPDATED: MARCH 27, 2019 1:10 PM ET | ORIGINALLY PUBLISHED: NOVEMBER 9, 2017
Since the New York Times and The New Yorker first published allegations of sexual harassment and rape against Harvey Weinstein by Rose McGowan, Gwyneth Paltrow, Ashley Judd and dozens of others, the disgraced producer has been fired from his company. In May, Weinstein was arrested in New York on charges of rape, criminal sex act, sex abuse and sexual misconduct related to interactions with two women.

A report from Ronan Farrow in The New Yorker also details Weinstein’s alleged and elaborate efforts to silence journalists and accusers. The former movie executive denies the new accusations and “any allegations of non-consensual sex,” but said in a statement to the Times that, “I appreciate the way I’ve behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain, and I sincerely apologize for it.”

The Weinstein scandal has sparked a national conversation about sexual misconduct and prompted others to come forward with accusations ranging from groping to rape against others, including former Gossip Girl actor Ed Westwick, actor Morgan Freeman and former President George H. W. Bush.

These are the prominent public figures who have been accused of sexual misconduct after the Harvey Weinstein allegations.

144. Conor McGregor
Conor McGregor is seen on the sidelines before the NFL game between the Jacksonville Jaguars and Dallas Cowboys at AT&T Stadium on October 14, 2018 in Arlington, Texas. Ronald Martinez—Getty Images
MMA fighter Conor McGregor is under investigation in Ireland after a woman accused him of sexual assault in December, the New York Times reported on March 26. According to the Times, the woman said the alleged incident occurred at the Beacon Hotel in Dublin.

McGregor has not been charged with a crime as of March 27. The news of the investigation came on the same day after McGregor announced his retirement on Twitter. McGregor has not publicly commented on the allegations, but his publicist released a statement calling his retirement unrelated to reports about the investigation.

“This story has been circulating for some time, and it is unclear why it is being reported now,’’ the statement said, according to the Times. “The assumption that the Conor retirement announcement today is related to this rumor is absolutely false.”

A spokesperson for McGregor didn’t immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

143. Ryan Adams
Ryan Adams performs in concert on the first day of week one of the Austin City Limits Music Festival at Zilker Park on October 6, 2017 in Austin, Texas. Gary Miller—FilmMagic/Getty Images
The New York Times reported on Feb. 13 that seven women accused singer Ryan Adams of offering to help their music careers but then pursued them sexually. One woman said Adams sent her inappropriate sexual messages while she was underage. This Is Us star Mandy Moore, who was married to Adams from 2009 to 2016, said the singer was emotionally abusive during their relationship and stifled her own musical ambitions. Singer-songwriter Phoebe Bridgers said Adams became obsessive and controlling during a brief relationship. Once she broke up with Adams, Bridgers said, he rescinded offers to help further her musical career.

In a statement to the Times, a lawyer for Adams “unequivocally denie[d] that he ever engaged in inappropriate online sexual communications with someone he knew was underage.” In a series of tweets published on Feb. 13, Adams further denied the claims in the article, while apologizing to anyone he had hurt, “however unintentionally.”

“I am not a perfect man and I have made many mistakes. To anyone I have ever hurt, however unintentionally, I apologize deeply and unreservedly,” he wrote. “But the picture that this article paints is upsettingly inaccurate. Some of its details are misrepresented; some are exaggerated; some are outright false.”

142. Cristiano Ronaldo
Juventus player Cristiano Ronaldo during the Serie A match between Juventus and SSC Napoli at Allianz Stadium on September 29, 2018 in Turin, Italy. Daniele Badolato - Juventus FC—Juventus FC via Getty Images
The Las Vegas police department reopened an investigation on Oct. 1 into whether soccer player Cristiano Ronaldo sexually assaulted Kathryn Mayorga in a hotel room in 2009. Mayorga’s attorney filed a civil complaint regarding her allegation last month, which also alleges that she signed a non-disclosure agreement in 2010 for an out-of-court settlement of $375,000.

In a statement posted on Twitter, Ronaldo denied Mayorga’s allegation. “I firmly deny the accusations being issued against me. Rape is an abominable crime that goes against everything that I am and believe in. Keen as I may be to clear my name, I refuse to feed the media spectacle created by people seeking to promote themselves at my expense,” he wrote.

I firmly deny the accusations being issued against me. Rape is an abominable crime that goes against everything that I am and believe in. Keen as I may be to clear my name, I refuse to feed the media spectacle created by people seeking to promote themselves at my expense.

— Cristiano Ronaldo (@Cristiano) October 3, 2018
Ronaldo was left off Portugal’s national soccer team for two November games following the reports. Portugal coach Fernando Santos said he expects Ronaldo to play for Portugal in the future.

141. Brett Kavanaugh
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh during his confirmation hearing in the Senate Judiciary Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC on Thursday September 6, 2018. The Washington Post—The Washington Post/Getty Images
Christine Blasey Ford, a professor at Palo Alto University, accused Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of attempting to sexually assault her when they were both in high school. In an interview with the Washington Post published on Sept. 16, Blasey Ford said that an intoxicated Kavanaugh pinned her down on a bed and groped her during a party. She said Kavanaugh put his hand over her mouth when she tried to scream. She said she was able to escape when another man at the party jumped on top of both Kavanaugh and Blasey Ford.

In a statement on Friday sent by the White House to the Post, Kavanaugh said: “I categorically and unequivocally deny this allegation. I did not do this back in high school or at any time.” The White House issued another statement on Monday denying the allegation. “On Friday, Judge Kavanaugh ‘categorically and unequivocally’ denied this allegation,” a White House spokesperson said, according to the Post. “This has not changed. Judge Kavanaugh and the White House both stand by that statement.”

In a second statement released by the White House on Monday, Kavanaugh said: “This is a completely false allegation. I have never done anything like what the accuser describes — to her or to anyone. Because this never happened, I had no idea who was making this accusation until she identified herself yesterday. I am wiling to talk to the Senate Judiciary Committee in any way the Committee deems appropriate to refuse this false allegation, from 36 years ago, and defend my integrity.”

Blasey Ford initially contacted the Post in July through a tip line, and sent a letter to Democrat Anna Eshoo, her congresswoman, in July. In August, she decided not to come forward, fearing it would negatively affect her life, according to the Post. She changed her mind after The New Yorker reported that a woman sent a letter to Democrats in Congress detailing the alleged incident.

140. Jeff Fager
60 Minutes Executive Producer Jeff Fager accepts the Institutional Award on stage during The 77th Annual Peabody Awards Ceremony at Cipriani Wall Street on May 19, 2018 in New York City. (Photo by Brad Barket/Getty Images for Peabody) Brad Barket—Getty Images for Peabody
Jeff Fager, who served as the executive producer of CBS News’ 60 Minutes for more than a decade and previously served as CBS News’ chairman, left the broadcast network on Sept. 12. Fager’s departure comes just days after CBS CEO Les Moonves left the company amid allegations of sexual harassment. In The New Yorker‘s Sept. 9 story about Moonves, six women said that Fager had touched employees at company parties and protected male subordinates accused of sexual harassment. Sarah Johansen told the magazine that Fager groped her at a work party when she was an intern at CBS in the 2000s.

CBS News President David Rhodes said in a statement, according to CNN, that the “action today is not directly related to the allegations surfaced in press reports, which continue to be investigated independently. However, he violated company policy and it is our commitment to uphold those policies at every level.”

In a statement to CNN, Fager said: “The company’s decision had nothing to do with the false allegations printed in The New Yorker. Instead, they terminated my contract early because I sent a text message to one of our own CBS reporters demanding that she be fair in covering the story. My language was harsh and, despite the fact that journalists receive harsh demands for fairness all the time, CBS did not like it. One such note should not result in termination after 36 years but it did.”

According to a report from CBS News, Fager texted CBS News correspondent Jericka Duncan: “If you repeat these false allegations without any of your own reporting to back them up you will be held responsible for harming me. Be careful. There are people who lost their jobs trying to harm me and if you pass on these damaging claims without your own reporting to back them up that will become a serious problem.”

A spokesperson for CBS did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

139. Gérard Depardieu
(FILES) In this file photo taken on June 25, 2018, French actor Gerard Depardieu waves as he arrives at the Town Hall in Brussels for a ceremony as part of the 'Brussels International Film Festival' (Photo by THIERRY ROGE / BELGA / AFP) / Belgium OUT (Photo credit should read THIERRY ROGE/AFP/Getty Images) THIERRY ROGE—AFP/Getty Images
A French judicial official told the Associated Press that police launched a preliminary investigation into French actor Gérard Depardieu, who starred in Cyrano de Bergerac and La Vie en Rose, concerning rape and sexual assault allegations made by an unnamed 22-year-old woman. The woman filed a criminal complaint Monday, which alleges Depardieu sexually assaulted her on August 7 and August 13 in his home in Paris, according to French newspaper Le Parisien.

Depardieu’s attorney, Herve Temime, said on France’s BFM TV that Depardieu “absolutely denies any rape, any sexual assault, any crime.” Temime did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

138. Asia Argento
Italian actress Asia Argento in Cannes, southern France on May 19, 2018. Loic Venance— AFP/Getty Images
The New York Times reported on Aug. 19 that Asia Argento, an Italian actress and one of the first women to publicly accuse of Harvey Weinstein of sexual assault, quietly paid $380,000 to Jimmy Bennett after he accused her of sexually assaulting him in a California hotel room in 2013 when he was 17 and she was 37. The Times story was based on documents the paper received anonymously.

Bennett issued his first public statement through his attorney on Aug. 22, which said: “I did not initially speak out about my story because I chose to handle in private with the person who had wronged me. My trauma resurfaced as she came out as a victim herself. I have not made a public statement in the past days and hours because I was ashamed and afraid to be part of the public narrative.”

In a statement released on Aug. 21, Argento called the allegation “absolutely false” and denied ever having a sexual relationship with Bennett. She said her late partner Anthony Bourdain recommended paying Bennett to avoid “possible negative publicity that such a person, whom he considered dangerous, could have brought upon us.”

The Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department said it was aware of the alleged incident, and a spokesperson for the department told TIME that it is attempting to reach out to Bennett and his representatives “in an effort to appropriately document any potential criminal allegations.”

On Aug. 27, Variety reported that Argento had been fired as a judge from Italy’s X Factor. Argento has not yet commented, and her agent did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

On Sept. 5, Argento’s new attorney, Mark Heller, released a statement that said: “As revealed in the text messages published by TMZ, Asia stated, ‘The horny kid jumped me … I had sex with him it felt weird.’ She went on to relate that she became ‘frozen’ when he was on top of her and told her that she had been his sexual fantasy since he was 12 years old. Asia chose at the time not to prosecute Bennett for sexually attacking her.”

The statement also said that Bourdain only paid Bennett $250,000 of the $380,000 settlement, and Argento will not be making any more payments to Bennett.

Bennett’s attorney did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment on Heller’s statement.

137. Les Moonves
Les Moonves attends the 2017 American Songbook Gala at Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center on February 1, 2017 in New York City. Andrew Toth—FilmMagic
CBS CEO Les Moonves has been accused of sexual harassment spanning three decades, according to a report by Ronan Farrow in The New Yorker. Six women told Farrow that Moonves had behaved inappropriately toward them between the 1980s and late 2000s, including four who alleged that he touched them inappropriately and two who accused him of physical intimidation and threatening behavior.

“Throughout my time at CBS, we have promoted a culture of respect and opportunity for all employees, and have consistently found success elevating women to top executive positions across our Company,” Moonves said in a statement to TIME. “I recognize that there were times decades ago when I may have made some women uncomfortable by making advances. Those were mistakes, and I regret them immensely. But I always understood and respected – and abided by the principle – that ‘no’ means ‘no,’ and I have never misused my position to harm or hinder anyone’s career.

The New Yorker report also contradicts the first part of Moonves’ statement, suggesting that harassment may have occurred across the organization. Several employees, for example, accused former chairman of CBS News and a current executive producer of 60 Minutes Jeff Fager of inappropriately touching or flirting with colleagues, and of turning a blind eye toward other misconduct, according to the story.

On Sept. 9, The New Yorker reported six other women accused Moonves of sexual assault or harassment. including allegations that he forced two women to perform oral sex on him.

In a statement to The New Yorker, Moonves said: “The appalling accusations in this article are untrue. What is true is that I had consensual relations with three of the women some 25 years ago before I came to CBS. And I have never used my position to hinder the advancement or careers of women. In my 40 years of work, I have never before heard of such disturbing accusations. I can only surmise they are surfacing now for the first time, decades later, as part of a concerted effort by others to destroy my name, my reputation, and my career. Anyone who knows me knows that the person described in this article is not me.”

Moonves resigned from CBS hours after the second The New Yorker report was published. In a statement, the network said it would donate $20 million — deducted from severance benefits owed to Moonves — to organizations that support the #MeToo movement. The network’s chief operating officer Joseph Ianniello will serve as CEO and president until a permanent replacement is named. Moonves’ contract stipulated that he could receive $180 million in severance. But CBS’ board said it will wait to determine Moonves’ severance after the conclusion of an external investigation into the allegations against Moonves.

136. Chris Hardwick
Chris Hardwick attends the 100th episode celebration off "The Walking Dead" at The Greek Theatre on October 22, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. Jason LaVeris—FilmMagic
Actor Chloe Dykstra wrote in an essay published on Medium that an ex-boyfriend, whom she identified only as someone who “grew from a mildly successful podcaster to a powerhouse CEO of his own company,” sexually and emotionally abused her. The post was widely believed to be about Chris Hardwick, a TV and podcast host and founder of Nerdist Industries.

In a statement to CNN, Hardwick said: “I’m devastated to read that she is now accusing me of conduct that did not occur,” he said. “l was blindsided by her post and always wanted the best for her. As a husband, a son, and future father, I do not condone any kind of mistreatment of women.”

AMC said on June 18 that it was suspending Hardwick’s show, Talking with Chris Hardwick. NBC said it would “assess” Hardwick’s role as game show host on The Wall. On July 25, AMC said Hardwick would return to the network. “Following a comprehensive assessment by AMC, working with Ivy Kagan Bierman of the firm Loeb & Loeb, who has considerable experience in this area, Chris Hardwick will return to AMC as the host of Talking Dead and Talking With Chris Hardwick,” the network said in a statement, according to The Hollywood Reporter. “We take these matters very seriously and given the information available to us after a very careful review, including interviews with numerous individuals, we believe returning Chris to work is the appropriate step.”

135. Morgan Freeman
Morgan Freeman accepts the Life Achievement Award onstage during the Screen Actors Guild Awards on January 21, 2018. Christopher Polk—Getty Images for Turner Image
Eight women accused the Oscar-winning actor of inappropriate behavior and harassment. The allegations including unwanted touching and suggestive comments, CNN reported.

Morgan Freeman denied the allegations in a statement sent to TIME: “I am devastated that 80 years of my life is at risk of being undermined, in the blink of an eye, by Thursday’s media reports. All victims of assault and harassment deserve to be heard. And we need to listen to them. But it is not right to equate horrific incidents of sexual assault with misplaced compliments or humor.”

134. Junot Díaz
Author Junot Diaz poses in Union Square in New York, N.Y. on Oct. 7, 2013. Chicago Tribune—TNS via Getty Images
Writer Zinzi Clemmons wrote on Twitter that Junot Díaz forcibly kissed her when she was a grad student. In an April essay for The New Yorker, Díaz wrote about being raped as a child and said he cheated on girlfriends and “hurt people” in adulthood.

In a statement to the New York Times, Díaz said: “I take responsibility for my past. That is the reason I made the decision to tell the truth of my rape and its damaging aftermath. This conversation is important and must continue. I am listening to and learning from women’s stories in this essential and overdue cultural movement. We must continue to teach all men about consent and boundaries.”

In May, Díaz stepped down as the chair of the Pulitzer Prizes amid a review into the allegations, though he remains on the board. MIT, where Díaz served as a professor, cleared him of misconduct in June following an investigation.

In an interview with The Boston Globe published June 30, Díaz denied the allegations. “I was shocked… I was, like, ‘Yo, this doesn’t sound like anything that’s in my life, anything that’s me,’” he told the paper. “I did not kiss anyone. I did not forcibly kiss Zinzi Clemmons. I did not kiss Zinzi Clemmons.”

He added that he regretted the statement he sent to the Times after the allegations were made public. “I’ve written a lot of crap in my life,” he said. “One does when one’s a writer. But, definitely, that statement is the worst thing I’ve written, the worst thing I’ve put my name to. Boy, I wish I’d had the presence of mind to rewrite the damn thing.”

133. Tom Brokaw
Tom Brokaw has withdrawn as commencement speaker at Sacred Heart University Matt Rourke—AP
Two women — former NBC journalist Linda Vester and an unnamed woman who previously worked as a production assistant at the network — accused Tom Brokaw of making unwanted sexual advances. Vester said the veteran NBC News anchor tried to forcibly kiss her twice and groped her once, while the production assistant said Brokaw suggestively invited her to his office to discuss her career. Brokaw told the Washington Post that neither incident occurred.

Brokaw said in a statement issued by NBC: “I met with Linda Vester on two occasions, both at her request, 23 years ago, because she wanted advice with respect to her career at NBC. The meetings were brief, cordial and appropriate, and despite Linda’s allegations, I made no romantic overtures towards her, at that time or any other.”

132. John Kricfalusi
Two women told BuzzFeed News that John Kricfalusi, the creator of popular cartoon Ren & Stimpy, sexually preyed on them as teenagers. Both women said that they reached out to Kricfalusi to mentor them in animation.

Kricfalusi’s attorney said in a statement to BuzzFeed: “The 1990s were a time of mental and emotional fragility for Mr. Kricfalusi, especially after losing Ren and Stimpy, his most prized creation. For a brief time, 25 years ago, he had a 16-year-old girlfriend. Over the years John struggled with what were eventually diagnosed mental illnesses in 2008. To that point, for nearly three decades he had relied primarily on alcohol to self-medicate. Since that time he has worked feverishly on his mental health issues, and has been successful in stabilizing his life over the last decade. This achievement has allowed John the opportunity to grow and mature in ways he’d never had a chance at before.”

He later posted an 11-page apology to the two women on Facebook, writing: “I wish I could have made my apologies directly to you but now that have gone public, it seems this is the only way for me to express myself… There is some general truth in [the BuzzFeed story], some things I remember somewhat differently, some not at all. The writer exaggerated and presented some things out of context for tabloid consumption.”

131. Michael Ferro
Michael Ferro, chairman and chief executive officer of Merrick Ventures LLC, speaks at the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., on Wednesday, May 3, 2017. Bloomberg—Bloomberg via Getty Images
Fortune reported in March that two women accused Michael Ferro, an investor and the majority shareholder of publishing conglomerate Tronc, of making inappropriate advances when they sought investments for their companies. Ferro announced he was resigning from Tronc’s board of directors hours before the story was published. In April, Ferro said he would sell his shares in Tronc.

Ferro’s spokesperson told Fortune: “Over more than 20 years of leading public companies and other enterprises, Michael Ferro has never had a claim filed against him nor a settlement made on his behalf. Your on-the-record allegations appear to involve private conduct with private individuals who were not employees of tronc or any other company he ran. As recently announced, Mr. Ferro has retired back to private life after leading a financial turnaround of tronc as the non-executive chairman. There will, therefore, be no other comment.”

130. Richard Meier
Architect Richard Meier arrives for the Robin Hood Foundation gala in New York, U.S., on Monday, May 10, 2010. Bloomberg—Bloomberg via Getty Images
Five women accused Richard Meier, an architect best known for designing the Getty Center in Los Angeles, of sexual harassment, the New York Times reported in March. Two of the women said Meier exposed himself to them, while another said he grabbed her underwear through her dress at a company party.

He said in a statement to the Times: “I am deeply troubled and embarrassed by the accounts of several women who were offended by my words and actions. While our recollections may differ, I sincerely apologize to anyone who was offended by my behavior.” He added he would take a six-month leave from his architecture firm.

129. Sherman Alexie
Sherman Alexie is the writer/director of 'Smoke Signals,' a film about Native American Indians opening next Friday. The Washington Post—Washington Post/Getty Images
In February, writer Litsa Dremousis tweeted that she had “known about the allegations against Sherman Alexie” from a number of women, without providing specifics.

The author, best known for The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven, responded in a statement, saying he has “done things that have harmed other people, including those I love most deeply. To those whom I have hurt, I genuinely apologize.. There are women telling the truth about my behavior and I have no recollection of physically threatening anybody or their careers.”

But in the same statement, Alexie said that he denied “the accusations, insinuations, and outright falsehoods” made by Dremousis.

“She has withheld from the public the fact that she and I had previously been consenting sexual partners,” he added. “Ms. Dremousis has continually tweeted and spoken in public about my behavior, making accusations based on rumors and hearsay and quoting anonymous sources.”

A week later, NPR spoke to three women on the record who said Alexie had made inappropriate comments and unwanted sexual advances. Alexie has not commented further on the allegations, and he declined to accept the prestigious Carnegie Medal in March.

128. Philip Berk
Philip Berk, president of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, speaks before the nominees for the Golden Globe Awards are announced at the Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California, December 14, 2006. Bloomberg—Bloomberg via Getty Images
The Mummy star Brendan Fraser told GQ in February that Berk, the former Hollywood Foreign Press Association President, groped his behind in 2003.

Berk, who still serves as a member of the Golden Globes governing body, said that he pinched Fraser’s behind in jest. He said in a statement to GQ: “Mr. Fraser’s version is a total fabrication.”

In April, Berk took a voluntary six-month leave of absence from the organization following a separate controversy surrounding comments he made about fellow HFPA members in his book, With Signs and Wonders.

127. Lemony Snicket
Several writers accused the A Series of Unfortunate Events author, whose real name is Daniel Handler, of making sexually inappropriate comments, the Pacific Standard reported.

In a statement posted on GwendaBond.com, Snicket wrote: “It has never been my wish to insult any of my professional colleagues. I sincerely, if tardily, apologize… As a survivor of sexual violence, I also know very well how words or behaviors that are harmless or even liberating to some people can be upsetting to others.”

“I am listening and willing to listen; I am learning and willing to learn,” he added.

126. Patrick Demarchelier
Seven women accused the famed fashion photographer of sexual harassment and making unwanted sexual advances, the Boston Globe reported in February.

Condé Nast, which publishes Vogue, Glamour and Vanity Fair, said in February it had stopped working with Demarchelier for the “foreseeable future.”

Demarchelier denied the allegations in a statement to the Globe. “People lie and they tell stories … It’s ridiculous.”

125. Vincent Cirrincione
The Washington Post reported in February that nine women had accused Cirrincione, a talent manager who has worked with Halle Berry and Taraji P. Henson, of making unwanted sexual advances. Three of the women alleged that Cirrincione told them having sex with him was a condition of representing them, while another woman said that he masturbated in front of her in his office.

Cirrincione denied in a statement to the Post that he asked for sexual favors on the condition of representing actors.

“I have had affairs while in committed relationships, ones I am now ashamed to say are coming to light and shading my past and my reputation. I can say without a doubt that I have never used favors, sexual or otherwise, as a reason for managing anyone. I want to make it clear that not one of those relationships were anything but consensual,” he told the Post. “I take responsibility for my part in the situation and I am not here to diminish anyone’s feelings or experiences. I apologize to these women, my past and present partner, my clients and employees for the pain this is bringing them. I was under the impression I was living my life as a supportive man to women. It is with a heavy heart that I see now I was wrong.”

Both Berry and Henson spoke out against Cirrincione following the Post’s report.

pic.twitter.com/cJ2xS6Iqn3

— Halle Berry (@halleberry) February 4, 2018

124. Paul Marciano
Fashion designer and co-founder of Guess? Inc. Paul Marciano speaks at GUESS Celebrates 35 Years with Opening of Exhibition at the FIDM Museum & Galleries at FIDM Museum & Galleries on the Park on June 5, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. Emma McIntyre—Getty Images for GUESS, Inc.
Kate Upton told TIME in February that Marciano, the co-founder and executive chairman of Guess, forcibly kissed her, grabbed her breasts and harassed her when she began modeling for the brand. The photographer on the campaign, Yu Tsai, told TIME he witnessed the harassment.

At the time, Marciano told TIME that Upton’s allegations were “absolutely false.” He said in a statement: “I have never been alone with Kate Upton. I have never touched her inappropriately. Nor would I ever refer to a Guess model in such a derogatory manner.”

In June, Guess announced that Marciano stepped down as executive chairman following an investigation into the allegations. He will stay on as chief creative officer and as a member of the board until his contract expires in January, the company said.

The company’s investigation found that Marciano “exercised poor judgment in his communications with models and photographers and in placing himself in situations in which plausible allegations of improper conduct could, and did, arise.”

123. Scott Baio
Scott Baio speaks at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland on July 18, 2016 J. Scott Applewhite—AP
Actor Nicole Eggert said in a January interview with Megyn Kelly Today that her Charles in Charge co-star Scott Baio repeatedly sexually abused her on the set of 80s sitcom. Charles in Charge actor Alexander Polinsky said he witnessed inappropriate cuddling between Baio and Eggert on set.

Baio denied Eggert’s allegations, saying they only had one consensual encounter when Eggert was 18. “These are false allegations,” Baio said.

The Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office announced in June that it had declined to press charges against Baio, saying the statute of limitations had expired.

122. Steve Wynn
Wynn Resorts Chairman and CEO Steve Wynn speaks at the Global Gaming Expo (G2E) 2014 at The Venetian Las Vegas on September 30, 2014 in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ethan Miller—Getty Images
The Wall Street Journal reported on Jan. 26 that dozens of employees at Wynn’s casinos described a “decades-long pattern of sexual misconduct,” which included forcing some employees to perform sexual acts. In one alleged incident, a manicurist who worked at the Wynn Last Vegas said that casino mogul forced her to have sex. The woman’s supervisor later filed a report to the casino’s HR department, and Wynn later paid the woman a $7.5 million settlement, according to the Journal.

In a statement to the Journal, Wynn denied the allegations. “The idea that I ever assaulted any woman is preposterous,” he said. “We find ourselves in a world where people can make allegations, regardless of the truth, and a person is left with the choice of weathering insulting publicity or engaging in multi-year lawsuits. It is deplorable for anyone to find themselves in this situation.”

He added that the allegations were the “continued work of my ex-wife Elaine Wynn, with whom I am involved in a terrible and nasty lawsuit in which she is seeking a revised divorce settlement.”

121. David Copperfield
Illusionist David Copperfield attends 'Now You See Me 2' World Premiere at AMC Loews Lincoln Square 13 theater on June 6, 2016 in New York City. Gilbert Carrasquillo—FilmMagic
The Wrap reported on Jan. 24 that model Brittany Lewis accused Copperfield of drugging her and sexually assaulting her in 1988 when she was 17. Lewis told the online publication that she met Copperfield at a modeling competition, where the magician served as a judge.

Copperfield’s spokesperson declined to comment to TIME. In a statement released on his Twitter and Instagram pages shortly before The Wrap published its report, Copperfield said: “The #MeToo movement is crucial and long overdue. We all want people who feel they’ve been victims of sexual misconduct to be empowered, and as a rule we should listen, so more will feel comfortable coming forward.”

“But imagine what it’s like, believing in the movement, and having also been falsely accused publicly in the past,” he wrote. “Always listen, and consider everything carefully, but please for everyone’s sake don’t rush to judgment.”

pic.twitter.com/1LjIBYa9rP

— David Copperfield (@D_Copperfield) January 24, 2018
Copperfield’s statement appears to reference a 2007 allegation made by Lacey Carroll, who told authorities Copperfield invited her to his home in the Bahamas and sexually assaulted her. The FBI investigated Carroll’s claims, but the case was closed without charges against Copperfield. Carroll was later arrested for prostitution and providing a false police report in connection with a separate case, in which she accused another man of sexual assault. She denied the charges, but pleaded guilty to obstructing a police officer, according to the Seattle Times.

120. Michael Douglas
Actor Michael Douglas attends the premiere of "Flatliners" at The Theatre at Ace Hotel on September 27, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. Jason LaVeris—FilmMagic
Susan Braudy, a journalist and author who worked for Douglas’ production company in the 1980s,told The Hollywood Reporter in a Jan. 18 story that Douglas once masturbated in front of her during a one-on-one meeting and repeatedly made inappropriate comments about her appearance.

Douglas denied the allegation. In a statement, Douglas said: “This is a complete lie, fabrication, no truth in it whatsoever.” On Jan. 10, days before Braudy’s allegations went public, Douglas told Deadline that his attorney had been contacted by The Hollywood Reporter regarding allegations, which align with Brady’s, against him. In the interview, Douglas preemptively denied the allegations.

“I felt the need to get ahead of this,” Douglas said. “It’s extremely painful. I pride myself on my reputation in this business, not to mention the long history of my father and everything else… It has caused tremendous stress to me for something I believe I have nothing to regret or feel responsible for.”

119. Ross Levinsohn
NPR reported on Jan. 18 that Levinsohn, the CEO and publisher of the Los Angeles Times, had been a defendant in two sexual harassment lawsuits. Levinsohn, in sworn testimony for one of the suits, admitted to rating the “hotness” of female colleagues and speculating whether a female employee worked as a stripper on the side. Other former colleagues and associates of Levinsohn said they had seen him aggressively kissing a woman at an event.

Tronc, the parent company for the Times, said it would investigate Levinsohn. “This week, we became aware of allegations that Ross Levinsohn acted inappropriately. We are immediately launching an investigation so that we have a better understanding of what’s occurred,” A spokesperson said on Tronc’s behalf.

Levinsohn told NPR’s CEO Jarl Mohn that the allegations against him were “lies,” according to NPR.

118. Mario Testino
Mario Testino attends the FENTY PUMA by Rihanna Spring/Summer 2018 Collection at Park Avenue Armory on September 10, 2017 in New York City. Kevin Mazur—Getty Images for FENTY PUMA By Rihanna
Thirteen male models and assistants who worked with renowned fashion photographer Mario Testino told the New York Times he made unwanted sexual advances toward them, including instances of groping and masturbation.

The law firm Lavely & Singer, which represents Testino, challenged the character and credibility of those who spoke out. In an email to the Associated Press, Testino’s lawyer Andrew Brettler said, “We are not providing any further comment at this time.”

117. Joel Kramer
Actress Eliza Dushku said Joel Kramer, a stunt coordinator, molested her when she was 12 years old while in production for the 1994 film True Lies. Kramer, who was 36 at the time, was involved in her stunt coordination during the production of the film. In a Facebook post, Duskhu said Kramer intentionally injured her in a stunt after she told an adult about the incident.

In a statement to Deadline, Kramer has denied the accusations, calling them “outlandish” and “manipulated.”

116. James Franco
James Franco poses for a portrait at the BAFTA Los Angeles Tea Party on Jan. 6, 2018 in Beverly Hills, California. Rich Fury—Getty Images
The Los Angeles Times reported on Jan. 11 that five women accused Franco of sexually inappropriate behavior. Four of the women were Franco’s former acting students, while another said Franco was her mentor. The allegations came to light after Franco faced criticism for wearing a “Time’s Up” pin at the Golden Globes to show support for a movement launched by Hollywood women to fight sexual harassment and gender inequality.

Franco’s attorney denied the allegations. In an interview with Stephen Colbert on Jan. 9, Franco specifically addressed two allegations made on social media as “not accurate.”

115. Joel Achenbach
The Washington Post announced on Jan. 10 that it had suspended Achenbach, a reporter, for 90 days without pay following allegations of “inappropriate workplace conduct” with current and former female colleagues. The newspaper did not detail the allegations against Achenbach.

In a statement to the Post, Achenbach said: “I’m very sorry to say that I’ve behaved badly and have been suspended by The Post for three months for inappropriate workplace conduct. I’ve said and done things that were unprofessional, and I apologize to the women affected by this and acknowledge their courage in speaking out.”

114. James Rosen
NPR reported on Jan. 10 that Fox News fired Rosen, its chief White House correspondent, following allegations of sexual harassment. According to NPR, the allegations include grabbing a colleague’s breast, trying to forcibly kiss a young reporter in an elevator and sending inappropriate messages through the network’s internal messaging system.

Rosen declined to comment on the allegations to NPR.

113. Paul Haggis
After publicist Haleigh Breest filed a civil lawsuit last month alleging that Haggis, the Academy Award-winning producer and writer of Crash, raped her, the Associated Press reported allegations from three more women on Jan. 5. One woman told the AP that Haggis had raped her, while two others said he kissed them without their consent.

Haggis denied Breest’s allegations at the time. Haggis’ attorney denied the new allegations, telling AP: “He didn’t rape anybody.”

112. Mike Germano
Mike Germano speaks onstage at the Nasdaq Innovation Series: Going Vertical panel at Nasdaq MarketSite during 2016 Advertising Week New York on September 28, 2016 in New York City. Roy Rochlin—Getty Images for Advertising Week New York
Vice Media announced on Jan. 2 that Germano, Vice’s chief digital officer and the founder and CEO of Carrot Creative, a digital ad agency acquired by the media company in 2013, would remain on leave following allegations of sexual misconduct. The New York Times reported in December that Germano allegedly made inappropriate comments to female staffers and pulled a woman, Gabrielle Schaefer, onto his lap at a work event.

Vice Media COO and CFO Sarah Broderick wrote in a memo to staffers that the company’s human resources division and an external investigator will investigate the allegations against Germano.

In a statement to the Times, Creighton said: “Carrot has been repeatedly recognized as one of the industry’s best places to work, and I do not believe that these allegations reflect the company’s culture — or the way we treat each other. With regards to the incident with Ms. Schaefer, I agreed at that time it was inappropriate, I apologized, and it was resolved with the help of HR.”

111. Andrew Creighton
Andrew Creighton, President of VICE Media Group during the Vice.com Launch Party at Skylight One Hanson on Sept. 15, 2011 in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. Astrid Stawiarz—Getty Images
Vice Media announced on Jan. 2 that Creighton, the company’s president, would remain on a leave of absence following allegations of sexual misconduct. The New York Times reported last month that Creighton had paid a $135,000 settlement to a former employee who alleged she was fired after turning down his sexual advances.

In a statement to the Times, Creighton said that he had occasional, consensual interactions with the woman and denied that he was involved in firing her. “I apologize for the situation, and it has caused much thought in my responsibilities of care for my colleagues, and I will hold myself and others accountable in constructing a respectful workplace environment,” he told the Times.

In a memo to staff, Vice Media’s COO and CFO Sarah Broderick said that the allegations against Creighton were found to “lack merit” in a prior investigation, but that the company settled to “avoid the expense and distraction of litigation.” She added a special committee of VICE’s board would review the facts and make a recommendation. “In the meantime, Andrew has suggested, and we agree, that he remain out of the office on leave until the recommendation from the committee is made to Sr. management,” she wrote.

110. Peter Martins
NYCB Ballet Master in Chief Peter Martins speaks during the New York City Ballet's 2017 Fall Fashion Gala on September 28, 2017 in New York City. Owen Hoffmann—Patrick McMullan via Getty Images
Martins, the leader of the New York City Ballet, announced on Jan. 1 that he would retire amid allegations of sexual misconduct, the New York Times reported. Martins was accused of sexual harassment in an anonymous letter in December, and five dancers told the Times that Martins verbally and physically abused them.

“I have denied, and continue to deny, that I have engaged in any such misconduct,” Martins wrote in a letter announcing his retirement, according to the Times.

109. Corey Lewandowski
Corey Lewandowski, campaign manager for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, waits before the start of a foreign policy speech at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington D.C. on April 27, 2016. Evan Vucci—AP
Singer Joy Villa said on Dec. 27 that she filed a police report against Lewandowski, a former campaign manager for President Donald Trump. Villa, a vocal Trump supporter, alleged that Lewandowski grabbed her behind twice at a party in Washington in November.

In an interview with Fox Business, Lewandowski said: “There is a due process and there is a process which they will go through to determine a person’s innocence.”

108. Chuck Close
Painter Chuck Close attends the 11th Annual Stand Up for Heroes at The Theater at Madison Square Garden on November 7, 2017 in New York City. Jim Spellman—WireImage
The New York Times reported on Dec. 20 that several women accused Close, an acclaimed painter and artist, of sexually harassing them while posing for his portraits. Two women said that Close asked them to pose nude, while another woman said Close made inappropriate comments about her body.

In a statement to the Times, Close denied some of the allegations, but said that he has spoken crudely about woman’s body parts in the past. “Last time I looked, discomfort was not a major offense,” he told the Times. “I never reduced anyone to tears, no one ever ran out of the place. If I embarrassed anyone or made them feel uncomfortable, I am truly sorry, I didn’t mean to. I acknowledge having a dirty mouth, but we’re all adults.”

107. Charles Dutoit
Swiss conductor Charles Dutoit conducting at Avery Fisher Hall on January 1, 1985 in New York City. Waring Abbott—Getty Images
Three opera singers and a classical musician accused Dutoit, the 81-year-old artistic director and principal conductor of London’s Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, of sexual assault and misconduct in interviews with the Associated Press. The women allege that the incidents took place over the course of nearly three decades, from 1985 to 2010, while they were rehearsing and performing in five cities across the United States. They told the AP that they resisted his advances.

Dutoit did not respond to requests for comment from the AP; the Royal Philharmonic told the outlet he was on vacation, and they had forwarded requests for comment to him.

106. Jack Latvala
An investigation, conducted by former Judge Ronald Swanson on behalf of the Florida State Senate, found that Latvala, a Republican state senator, routinely touched a woman in a sexual manner and offered his support for legislation in exchange for sexual favors. Six women had previously accused Latvala of groping them. The Florida State Senate launched the investigation after Rachel Perrin Rogers, a top aide to the State Senate Majority Leader Wilton Simpson, filed a complaint accusing Latvala of inappropriately touching her.

Latvala, who did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment, has denied all of the allegations. He told the Miami Herald that he was stunned by the report’s findings. “I just did not foresee this going down this way,” he said. “None of my legal team foresaw this going down this way. I really thought we were in pretty good shape.”

105. T.J. Miller
T.J. Miller arrives at the premiere of 'The Emoji Movie' at Regency Village Theatre on July 23, 2017 in Westwood, California. Axelle/Bauer-Griffin—FilmMagic
On Dec. 19, The Daily Beast reported that one unnamed woman accused Miller of sexual misconduct in college at George Washington University. The woman told the Daily Beast that Miller choked her, punched her and sexually assaulted her. “He just tried a lot of things without asking me,” she told the Daily Beast.

The publication reported that five people corroborated some of the details of the woman’s story. The woman took her allegations to George Washington University’s student court at the time. The woman told the Daily Beast that the university told her the issue was resolved after a trial period. George Washington University told the Daily Beast it could not comment on the outcome because of federal privacy law.

On the same day, Comedy Central announced that it had cancelled Miller’s The Gorburger Show, but a Comedy Central spokesperson told TIME the cancellation happened over the summer and was unrelated to the allegations.

In a statement posted to Instagram, Miller denied the allegations. “We met this woman over a decade ago while studying together in college, she attempted to break us up back then by plotting for over a year before making contradictory claims and accusations,” the statement said. “We are confident that a full consideration of accounts from and since that time will shed light and clarity on the true nature of not only this person’s character, and also on the real facts of the matter.”

“Sadly she is now using the current climate to bandwagon and launch these false accusations again. It is unfortunate that she is choosing this route as it undermines the important movement to make women feel safe coming forward about legitimate claims against real known predators,” the statement added.


104. Gene Simmons
Gene Simmons visits SiriusXM Studios on November 16, 2017 in New York City. Slaven Vlasic—Getty Images
A lawsuit filed on Dec. 15 in Los Angeles County Superior Court alleges that Simmons, a former member of the band KISS, made “sexually offensive contact” with an unnamed TV and radio broadcaster when she interviewed him on Nov. 1. The lawsuit alleges Simmons “forcefully” placed the woman’s hand on his knee and answered her questions with sexual innuendos.

Simmons denied the allegations in a statement. “I intend to defend myself against any alleged charges you may have been reading about in the media,” Simmons said. “For the record, I did not assault the person making these accusations in the manner alleged in the complaint or harm her in any way.”

103. Andrea Ramsey
Ramsey, a Democratic Congressional candidate in Kansas, dropped out of the race after a 12-year-old sexual harassment lawsuit resurfaced. Gary Funkhouser alleged Ramsey retaliated against him and fired him from his job at OneLab Inc., where Ramsey worked as vice president, after he turned down her sexual advances.

“Twelve years ago, I eliminated an employee’s position,” Ramsey said in a Dec. 15 Facebook post. “That man decided to bring a lawsuit against the company (not against me). He named me in the allegations, claiming I fired him because he refused to have sex with me. That is a lie.”

“We are in a national moment where rough justice stands in place of careful analysis, nuance and due process,” she wrote. “On balance, it is far more important to me that women are stepping forward to tell their stories and confront their harassers than it is to continue our campaign.”

102. Jerry Richardson
Carolina Panthers owner Jerry Richardson looks on prior to the NFC Championship Game between the Arizona Cardinals and the Carolina Panthers at Bank of America Stadium on January 24, 2016 in Charlotte, North Carolina. Kevin C. Cox—Getty Images
Sports Illustrated reported that the NFL’s Carolina Panthers have made at least four confidential payouts to settle complaints related to allegations of workplace misconduct against team owner Jerry Richardson. The allegations include touching female employees, making comments about women’s appearances, asking if he could shave female employees’ legs and using a racial slur.

The NFL said it will investigate the allegations, while Richardson, who has not personally commented on the allegations, said he would put the team up for sale.

“The Carolina Panthers and Mr. Richardson take these allegations very seriously and are fully committed to a full investigation and taking appropriate steps to address and remediate any misconduct,” Panthers’ spokesperson Steve Drummond told Sports Illustrated.

101. Chris Matthews
Talk show host Chris Matthews attends the Screenwriters Tribute during the 2017 Nantucket Film Festival - Day 3 on June 23, 2017 in Nantucket, Massachusetts. Theo Wargo—Getty Images for Nantucket Film Festival
An MSNBC spokesperson confirmed on Dec. 17 that a former staffer had received a settlement in 1999 after complaining Matthews, the host of Hardball with Chris Matthews, had sexually harassed her. The woman alleged that Matthews made inappropriate comments about her in front of others. The MSNBC spokesperson said that Matthews was reprimanded at the time. The Daily Caller first reported the settlement.

Matthews has not commented. His agent did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

100. Brad Kern
Variety reported that CBS TV Studios opened two human resources investigations into allegations of sexual harassment and discrimination against Kern, the showrunner of NCIS: New Orleans, in 2016. The allegations included making sexualized remarks about women, giving women massages without their consent and mocking a nursing mother in front of her colleagues.

Variety reported that CBS found that Kern had made “insensitive” and “offensive” comments, but found no evidence of discrimination, harassment or gender bias. CBS told Variety in a statement: “We were aware of these allegations when they took place in 2016, and took them very seriously. Both complaints were acted upon immediately with investigations and subsequent disciplinary action. While we were not able to corroborate all of the allegations, we took this action to address behavior and management style, and have received no further complaints since this was implemented.”

Kern, who was also the executive producer on Charmed, declined to comment to Variety. His agent did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

99. Andrew Duncan
Producer Andrew Duncan attends the International Premiere of "Thoroughbreds" during the 61st BFI London Film Festival on October 9, 2017 in London, England. Jeff Spicer—Getty Images for BFI
 

Variety reported on Dec. 14 that Duncan, the producer of the critically acclaimed film The Florida Project, stepped down from his production company June Pictures amid allegations that he sexually harassed several people at the company. The allegations, which were detailed in The Hollywood Reporter, included having one employee pay for prostitutes, asking a female producer to have sex with her husband while he watched and kissing a crew member without her consent.

“In light of allegations of misconduct against our investor Andrew Duncan, I am assuming sole ownership and leadership of June Pictures,” June Pictures CEO Alex Saks said in a statement to Variety. “June Pictures is committed to a respectful work environment dedicated to producing quality films. We will continue our projects already in production and development.”

In a statement to The Hollywood Reporter, Duncan declined the allegations. “It is both a painful and more difficult course of action for me to confront lurid and baseless allegations about my conduct in this detailed way,” Duncan said. “It seems obvious to me that substantiated facts and fairness are utterly absent from this reporting and that instead hidden sources are co-opting the press for their own, ulterior motives. I intend to stand up for my integrity and confront any wrongful allegations of misconduct and also any concealed methods that are taking place to advance those malicious claims.”

98. Morgan Spurlock
Director Morgan Spurlock speaks on stage during an In Conversation on day six of the 14th annual Dubai International Film Festival held at the Madinat Jumeriah Complex on December 11, 2017 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Vittorio Zunino Celotto—Getty Images for DIFF
The Super Size Me director said in a social media post on Dec. 13 that he had been accused of rape and that he had separately settled a sexual harassment suit with a former assistant. He said the rape allegation stemmed from a one-night stand in college when both he and the woman were drunk and she told Spurlock that she didn’t want to have sex, but they later had sex anyway. Spurlock wrote that the woman later said he had raped her, but there was no investigation or police report. Spurlock also said he verbally harassed his former assistant by calling her “hot pants” and “sex pants.” He said that the suit was settled around eight years ago.

“I am not some innocent bystander, I am also a part of the problem,” Spurlock wrote in his post. “But I am also part of the solution. By recognizing and openly admitting what I’ve done to further this terrible situation, I hope to empower the change within myself. We should all find the courage to admit we’re at fault. More than anything, I’m hopeful that I can start to rebuild the trust and the respect of those I love most. I’m not sure I deserve it, but I will work everyday to earn it back. I will do better. I will be better. I believe we all can.”

I am Part of the Problem

Read: https://t.co/MfRAtm3fcv

— Morgan Spurlock (@MorganSpurlock) December 14, 2017
97. Tavis Smiley
Broadcaster/Producer Tavis Smiley serves as host and moderator on Courting Justice With Tavis Smiley on December 8, 2016 in Cleveland, Ohio. Earl Gibson III—Getty Images
On Dec. 13, PBS suspended distribution of Tavis Smiley’s nightly show following an investigation into “multiple, credible allegations” of sexual misconduct. Variety reported that Smiley, who has contributed opinion pieces to TIME, had sexual relationships with subordinates and created a verbally abusive and threatening environment. PBS distributes Smiley’s show, but doesn’t fund its production or employ Smiley.

Smiley told TIME on Dec. 13: “PBS overreacted and conducted a biased and sloppy investigation, which led to a rush to judgment, and trampling on a reputation that I have spent an entire lifetime trying to establish,” he said. “I have the utmost respect for women and celebrate the courage of those who have come forth to tell their truth… To be clear, I have never groped, coerced, or exposed myself inappropriately to any workplace colleague in my entire broadcast career, covering 6 networks over 30 years.”

“If having a consensual relationship with a colleague years ago is the stuff that leads to this kind of public humiliation and personal destruction, heaven help us,” he added.

96. Eric Alexander Hewitt
The Boston Globe reported that four former Boston Conservatory students said that Hewitt, an influential musician and professor, made unwanted sexual advances toward them. One woman alleged Hewitt sexually assaulted her. The Boston Conservatory at Berklee and Boston College High School ended their relationships with Hewitt, while Phillips Exeter Academy placed Hewitt on leave.

Hewitt did not respond to the Globe‘s multiple requests for comment. Hewitt did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

95. Ken Friedman
Ken Friedman attends New York Magazines 3rd Annual Oscar Viewing Party at The Spotted Pig on February 24, 2008 in New York City. Patrick McMullan—Patrick McMullan via Getty Images
The New York Times reported on Dec. 12 that ten women alleged Friedman, a famed restauranteur, made unwanted sexual advances. Friedman and his business partner, acclaimed chef April Bloomfield, own five restaurants in New York, including the famed Spotted Pig, and two in California. The allegations include groping them in public, making them work all night at parties that included sex and nudity and demanding sex and nude photos. Former employees claimed that Friedman also had consensual relationships with employees and fired or promoted staffers based on physical appearance.

Women also said that they witnessed Mario Batali, who announced he would step away from his company on Dec. 11 following allegations of sexual misconduct, engage in sexual misconduct at the Spotted Pig with Friedman’s knowledge.

Friedman told the Times: “Some incidents were not as described, but context and content are not today’s discussion… I apologize now publicly for my actions.” He added that his female staffers “are among the best in the business and putting any of them in humiliating situations is unjustifiable.” A spokesperson for Friedman did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

94. Dan Johnson
Kentucky state Rep. Dan Johnson speaks during a news conference outside the Bullitt County courthouse in Shepherdsville, Ky. AP/REX/Shutterstock
The Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting reported on Dec. 11 that Maranda Richmond asked Louisville police to reopen a sexual assault investigation into Johnson, who was elected to the Kentucky state legislature in 2016. Richmond alleged that Johnson molested her in 2012 when she was 17. She said she reported it to police in 2013, but said the case was closed without charges.

Johnson, who sparked outrage last year after posting images on Facebook that compared then- President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama to monkeys, said the allegations are “without merit.” He said he wouldn’t resign, according to the Louisville Courier-Journal.

“The fact of the matter is that we live in a country where people have elections, and people vote people in,” Johnson said. “The people who run for office are just people, and there are no perfect people. … I think there are people who have taken that and used it as political rocks to be thrown.” A spokesperson for Johnson did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

On Dec. 13, Johnson was found dead in what police called a “probable suicide.”

93. Eric Davis
Eric Davis talks with players after the Pro Bowl practice at Turtle Bay Resort on North Shore Oahu, HI. Icon Sports Wire—Corbis via Getty Images
ESPN suspended Davis, a former football player who now hosts a radio show on the sports network, following a lawsuit filed by former NFL Network stylist Jami Cantor. The lawsuit alleges Davis made lewd comments and groped Cantor. “We are investigating and McNabb and Davis will not appear on our networks as that investigation proceeds,” an ESPN spokesman said in a statement, according to the New York Times.

Davis has not commented. TIME could not immediately reach Davis.

In January, ESPN said it had fired McNabb and Davis.

92. Donovan McNabb
Former professional football player Donovan McNabb attends the 'Forgotten Four: The Integration Of Pro Football' screening presented by EPIX & UCLA at Royce Hall, UCLA on September 9, 2014 in Westwood, California. Imeh Akpanudosen—Getty Images for EPIX
ESPN suspended McNabb, a former NFL quarterback who now hosts a radio show on the sports network, following a lawsuit filed by former NFL Network wardrobe stylist Jami Cantor. The lawsuit alleges McNabb sent sexually inappropriate text messages while he was at NFL Network, which he left in 2013. “We are investigating and McNabb and Davis will not appear on our networks as that investigation proceeds,” an ESPN spokesman said in a statement, according to the New York Times.

McNabb has not commented. His agent did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

In January, ESPN said it had fired McNabb and Davis.

91. Marshall Faulk
Former NFL running back Marshall Faulk attends the Marshall Faulk Celebrity Golf Champions Dinner Presented by GREY GOOSE held at La Costa Resort & Spa on May 18, 2013 in Carlsbad, California. Jesse Grant—2013 Getty Images
The NFL Network suspended Faulk, a network analyst and Hall of Fame running back, after the network’s former stylist Jami Cantor filed a lawsuit alleging Faulk and others had sexually harassed her. The network said it would investigate Cantor’s claims. The lawsuit, which was uploaded by Deadspin, alleges that Faulk demanded oral sex during one incident and groped Cantor’s breasts and behind. The lawsuit also alleges that Faulk has her “deeply personal and invasive questions.” Cantor also named Heath Evans, Ike Taylor and Eric Weinberger.

Faulk has not commented. His spokesperson did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

90. Eric Weinberger
Executive producer Eric Weinberger speaks onstage at the Variety Sports Entertainment Breakfast at Vibiana on July 14, 2015 in Los Angeles, California. Michael Buckner—Getty Images for Variety
The Bill Simmons Media Group, which operates the website The Ringer, suspended its president Weinberger following a lawsuit filed by former NFL Network stylist Jami Cantor. The lawsuit alleges that Weinberger, who left his job at the NFL Network in 2015, groped her and put his crotch against her.

“These are very serious and disturbing allegations that we were made aware of today,” a spokesman for the Bill Simmons Media Group told the New York Times. “We are placing Eric on leave indefinitely until we have a better understanding of what transpired during his time at the N.F.L., and we will conduct our own internal investigation.”

Weinberger has not commented.

In March, the Bill Simmons Media Group and Weinberger announced they had “mutually agreed” that Weinberger would leave the company.

89. Ike Taylor
Former NFL player Ike Taylor visits the SiriusXM set at Super Bowl LI Radio Row at the George R. Brown Convention Center on February 3, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Cindy Ord—Getty Images for SiriusXM
The NFL Network suspended Taylor, an analyst for the network and former NFL cornerback, following a lawsuit filed by the network’s former stylist Jami Cantor that alleges he sent her a video that showed him masturbating. The network said it would investigate Cantor’s claims.

Taylor has not yet commented. His spokesperson did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

88. Heath Evans
Former NFL player Heath Evans attends the Cedars-Sinai Sports Spectacular at the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza on May 31, 2015 in Century City, California. David Livingston—Getty Images
The NFL Network suspended Evans, an analyst for the network and former NFL fullback, following a lawsuit filed by the network’s former stylist Jami Cantor that alleges he sent nude photos and propositioned her. The network said it would investigate Cantor’s claims.

Evans has not commented. His spokesperson did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

 

87. Ryan Lizza
Washington correspondent for The New Yorker Ryan Lizza attends The New Yorker's annual party kicking off The White House Correspondents' Association Dinner Weekend on April 29, 2016 in Washington, DC. Dimitrios Kambouris—Getty Images for The New Yorker
The New Yorker announced on Dec. 11 that it had cut ties with its Washington correspondent Lizza for “improper sexual conduct.” “We have reviewed the matter and, as a result, have severed ties with Lizza. Due to a request for privacy, we are not commenting further,” the magazine said in a statement, according to Politico’s Michael Calderone.

In a statement reported by Calderone, Lizza said: “I am dismayed that The New Yorker has decided to characterize a respectful relationship with a woman I dated as somehow inappropriate. The New Yorker was unable to cite any company policy that was violated. I am sorry to my friends, workplace colleagues, and loved ones for any embarrassment this episode may cause. I love The New Yorker, my home for the last decade, and I have the highest regard for the people who work there. But this decision, which was made hastily and without a full investigation of the relevant facts, was a terrible mistake.” He did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

Ryan Lizza says in a statement that he’s “dismayed” the New Yorker has characterized “a respectful relationship with a woman I dated as somehow inappropriate.” Full statement: pic.twitter.com/SvjnzSaYSR

— Michael Calderone (@mlcalderone) December 11, 2017
Lizza also worked as a political commentator at CNN. CNN said in a statement that Lizza “will not appear on CNN while we look into this matter.” Lizza returned to CNN in January after the network’s internal investigation found “no reason to continue to keep Mr. Lizza off the air.”

In June, Esquire hired Lizza to be its chief political correspondent.

86. Tom Ashbrook
"On Point" host Tom Ashbrook at the Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the United States Senate on February 28, 2016 in Boston, Massachusetts. Paul Marotta—Getty Images
WBUR reported on Dec. 11 that several men and women alleged that the On Point host engaged in “creepy” sex talk, touched employees without their consent and directed tirades at young women in the studio. The allegations emerged in a document compiled by 11 women and men, who delivered it to WBUR and its owner Boston University on Dec. 7. Ashbrook was placed on leave pending an investigation.

In a text message to WBUR, Ashbrook said that he was “stunned that a few former colleagues have apparently come forward with allegations that have not been shared with me. I have no idea what is being alleged, nor by whom.” He added that he was “proud of the many people who have worked with me during my 16 years at WBUR. I have always tried to be a leader and supportive of them, and many of them have gone on to highly successful careers in radio, journalism and other fields… “In the pressure of a live radio environment, I have at times been a tough and demanding boss. We aspire to put out a top-notch show. Many people have thrived in that environment; a few have not.”

“I can’t describe how deeply upsetting this is to me,” he added. “I am sure that once the facts come out that people will see me for who I am – flawed but caring and decent in all my dealings with others.”

85. Mario Batali
Chef Mario Batali attends the Food Bank for New York City Can-Do Awards at Cipriani Wall Street on Wednesday, April 19, 2017, in New York. Brent N. Clarke—Brent N. Clarke/Invision/AP
The celebrity chef announced on Dec. 11 that he would “step away” from his company following allegations of sexual misconduct. Four women told the website Eater that Batali touched them inappropriately, with the allegations stretching back at least two decades.

In a statement, Batali said: “I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family… We built these restaurants so that our guests could have fun and indulge, but I took that too far in my own behavior. I won’t make that mistake again. I want any place I am associated with to feel comfortable and safe for the people who work or dine there.”

84. Cade Hudson
The Los Angeles Times reported on Dec. 9 that Hudson, a prominent agent at Creative Artists Agency, offered actor Sean Rose sex in exchange for access to directors and a movie star. Rose said he declined the offers, which left him “embarrassed and humiliated.”

In a statement from his attorney to the Times, Hudson said: “After being my friend on social media for seven years, and liking my posts, Sean is now accusing me of soliciting a sex act from him. My recollection is that he laughed it off and remained my friend on social media. I have the utmost sympathy for victims of harassment and abuse, but this is no such case.”

83. Jon Heely
Jon Heely appears at a Disney fan event between July 14-16 at the Anaheim Convention Center in Anaheim, Calif. Image Group LA—Disney via Getty Images
Variety reported on Dec. 8 that Heely, the director of music publishing at Disney, was charged with three felony counts of child abuse. Heely allegedly began abusing one underage girl at age 11, and that abuse continued until she was 15. He allegedly abused another girl when she was 15. A Disney spokesperson said that Heely was suspended on Dec. 8 after being informed of the charges.

Heely’s attorney denied the charges. “He vehemently denies these allegations and we will be fighting until the end to clear his name,” he said. “It’s a shame, that’s all I’ve got to say.” The attorney did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

82. Joe Alexander
AdWeek reported on Dec. 7 that Alexander, the former chief creative officer at advertising agency, The Martin Agency, in Richmond, Va. left the company amid several allegations of sexual harassment. The allegations, which date back at least to the 1990s, include inviting a female co-worker to have sex on a business trip, commenting on the size of employees’ breasts and referring to a black female employee as “chocolate thunder.”

“There are instances when we’re unable to provide details in deference to the request of individuals who have come forward to report actions of others that are inconsistent with our values and guidelines,” a spokesperson for The Martin Agency told AdWeek. The agency counts Warner Brothers, Chevrolet, Discover, Dunkin Donuts and Oreo among its clients.

Alexander denied the allegations. “The allegations you are reporting on are false. All of them,” he told AdWeek. “The Martin Agency is my family. Rather than a drawn-out, hurtful investigation, resigning was the proper thing to do to protect my family and all the people I’ve worked so closely together with in my 26 wonderful years. I will always love that place and people who make it so special. Please respect my privacy during this very, very sad time.”

On Dec. 12, the Martin Agency announced it had appointed Kristen Cavallo as its first female CEO, replacing Matt Williams.

81. U.S. Appeals Court Judge Alex Kozinski
Ninth Circuit Appeals Court Judge Alex Kozinski looks on during a House Judiciary Committee hearing on March 16, 2017. Justin Sullivan—Getty Images
At least six women have accused Kozinski, a longtime judge in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, of sexual misconduct. A former clerk alleged that Kozinski showed her pornography and asked if she was sexually aroused, while another said the judge told her she should exercise naked in the courthouse gym. Four women spoke to the Washington Post but asked to remain anonymous, while two went on the record.

“I have been a judge for 35 years and during that time have had over 500 employees in my chambers. I treat all of my employees as family and work very closely with most of them. I would never intentionally do anything to offend anyone and it is regrettable that a handful have been offended by something I may have said or done,” Kozinski said in a statement provided to the Post.

On Dec. 18, Kozinski announced his retirement amid an investigation into the allegations. “I cannot be an effective judge and simultaneously fight this battle,” he said in the statement. “Nor would such a battle be good for my beloved federal judiciary. And so I am making the decision to retire, effective immediately.”

80. Rep. Trent Franks
Rep. Trent Franks (R-AZ) listens during a news conference for the launch of the Congressional HIV/AIDS Caucus on Capitol Hill on September 15, 2011 in Washington, DC. Brendan Hoffman—Getty Images
Arizona Republican Rep. Trent Franks, who has served in the House of Representatives since 2003, announced on Dec. 7 he would resign amid an ethics inquiry into allegations of sexual harassment. “I have recently learned that the Ethics Committee is reviewing an inquiry regarding my discussion of surrogacy with two previous female subordinates, making each feel uncomfortable,” Franks said in a statement. “I deeply regret that my discussion of this option and process in the workplace caused distress.”

Franks, whose resignation took effect at the end of January, said that he never “physically intimidated, coerced, or had, or attempted to have, any sexual contact with any member of my congressional staff.”

79. Bryan Singer
Producer Bryan Singer attends the premiere of "Legion" at Pacific Design Center on January 26, 2017 in West Hollywood, California. Jason LaVeris—FilmMagic
The X-Men director faces a lawsuit for allegedly raping then-17-year-old Cesar Sanchez-Guzman in 2003. In the suit, which was filed on Dec. 7, Guzman claims that he met Singer at a party on a yacht and the director offered to give him a tour of the boat. In one of the boat’s rooms, Guzman claims, Singer “forced Cesar to the floor, shoved Cesar’s face against his crotch area and demanded Cesar perform oral sex on him.”

Singer denies Guzman’s allegations. In a statement. his representative said: “Bryan categorically denies these allegations and will vehemently defend this lawsuit to the very end. Cesar Sanchez-Guzman apparently claims that he did not remember this alleged incident from 2003 until now. Significantly, when Sanchez-Guzman filed for bankruptcy only a few years ago, he failed to disclose this alleged claim when he was supposed to identify all of his assets, but conveniently, now that the bankruptcy court discharged all of his debts, he is able to recall the alleged events.”

Singer has faced two other civil suits over allegations of sexual harassment in the past. In 2014, Michael Egan claimed in a lawsuit that Singer forced him to have sex in California and Hawaii in the 1990s, which Singer’s then-attorney called “absurd and defamatory.” Egan later dropped the lawsuit because he couldn’t find a new attorney to represent him, but argued his case still had merit.

That same year, an anonymous man filed a lawsuit against Singer and director Gary Goddard, which alleged that Singer attempted to force him into sex and fondled him when he was 17. Singer denied that allegation at the time and the court dismissed the lawsuit on the grounds that there was “no legal basis” for the suit.

78. Harold Ford Jr.
Harold Ford Jr. arrives at a gala at Lincoln Center on February 11, 2016 in New York City. Dave Kotinsky—Getty Images
HuffPost reported that Morgan Stanley fired Ford Jr., who served as a Democratic representative from Tennessee in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1997 to 2007, after an investigation into allegations of misconduct. A woman told HuffPost that Ford Jr. forcibly grabbed her on one instance and engaged in harassment and intimidation. She said Ford repeatedly asked her to get drinks until she sent him an email asking him not to contact her again. In a reply, according to HuffPost, Ford agreed and apologized.

Ford Jr., who comes from a prominent political family in Tennessee, joined Morgan Stanley in 2011 as a managing director. Morgan Stanley confirmed in a statement to HuffPost: “He has been terminated for conduct inconsistent with our values and in violation of our policies.”

In a statement, Ford Jr. denied the allegation. “This simply did not happen. I have never forcibly grabbed any woman or man in my life. Having dinner and drinks for work is part of my job, and all of my outreach to the news reporter making these false allegations was professional and at the direction of my firm for business purposes. I support and have tremendous respect for the brave women now speaking out in this important national dialogue. False claims like this undermine the real silence breakers. I will now be brining legal action against the reporter who has made these false claims about me as well as Morgan Stanley for improper termination.”

A spokesperson for Ford Jr. did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

Morgan Stanley said in a statement later in January: “The press has reported that Mr. Ford was terminated for sexual misconduct. He was not. We have not received any internal allegations of sexual harassment or misconduct involving him either before or after his separation became public.”

77. Lorin Stein
Lorin Stein attends 'Louder Than Bombs' New York premiere at Crosby Street Hotel on March 30, 2016 in New York City. Noam Galai—WireImage
The New York Times reported on Dec. 6 that Stein, the longtime editor of The Paris Review, resigned amid an investigation into his behavior toward female employees. According to the Times, the magazine’s board planned to meet Thursday to discuss the investigation. At least two women made complaints about Stein’s behavior. The magazine’s board decided to investigate Stein after he told them that his name appeared on an anonymously crowdsourced list of allegations of sexual harassment and misconduct in media, according to the Times.

In his statement to the board, Stein admitted that he had sexual contact in the office and that he dated and expressed interest in female Paris Review colleagues, including interns, according to the Times. But he insisted all encounters were consensual and occurred before he wed in 2015.

“At times in the past, I blurred the personal and the professional in ways that were, I now recognize, disrespectful of my colleagues and our contributors, and that made them feel uncomfortable or demeaned,” Stein wrote, according to the Times. “I am very sorry for any hurt I caused them.”

76. Robert Knepper
Actor Robert Knepper attends the "Prison Break" screening and conversation at The Paley Center for Media on March 29, 2017. Paul Archuleta—FilmMagic
Five women allege that the former Prison Break star sexually assaulted them between 1983 and 2013. Costume designer Susan Bertram told the Hollywood Reporter that Knepper grabbed her crotch “as hard as he could” on the set of Gas Food Lodging in 1991, which prompted four more women to come forward. The other allegations include kissing a woman without her consent and forcing another to perform oral sex.

In a statement to the Hollywood Reporter, Knepper denied the allegations. He said: “We have come to a time where hard-earned careers are being lost on the basis of accusations. I need to reiterate that these accusations against me are false. We have lost the presumption of innocence; we have lost ‘due process’; and we have lost the ability to review evidence — allowing the media to become both ‘judge and jury.’ Until I can sit down and have a dialogue with my accusers, managed not by the press but by an impartial mediator, I have nothing further to say on this matter. My wife, family and close friends, know me and my true nature and I am grateful for their love and support.”

A spokesperson for Knepper did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

75. Dylan Howard
The Associated Press reported that Dylan Howard, the chief content officer at American Media Inc., which oversees the National Enquirer and US Weekly, allegedly forced female employees to watch porn and openly discussed female employees’ sex lives while he was running the company’s Los Angeles office. Howard allegedly said that he wanted to make a Facebook account for one employee’s vagina.

The allegations led to an outside investigation in 2012. A lawyer for AMI told AP that the investigation did not show “serious wrongdoing.” According to AP, Howard quit after the investigation, but was rehired a year later in an elevated role.

Howard told AP that the claims were “baseless.” He did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

The New Yorker reported in November that Howard shared information with Harvey Weinstein in an attempt to discredit Rose McGowan’s allegation that the producer raped her, a claim which Weinstein denies. Howard told the magazine that America Media Inc. had a television-production agreement with Weinstein at the time and that he “had an obligation to protect AMI’s interests by seeking out—but not publishing—truthful information about people who Mr. Weinstein insisted were making false claims against him.”

74. Danny Masterson
Danny Masterson attends the premiere of "Big Bear" at The London Hotel on September 19, 2017 in West Hollywood, California. Paul Archuleta—FilmMagic
Netflix confirmed on Dec. 5 that it’s ending its relationship with The Ranch star Danny Masterson following allegations of rape made in March. “As a result of ongoing discussions, Netflix and the producers have written Danny Masterson out of The Ranch,” a spokesperson for the streaming service said, according to Entertainment Weekly. “Yesterday was his last day on the show, and production will resume in early 2018 without him.”

“I am obviously very disappointed in Netflix’s decision to write my character off of ‘The Ranch.’ From day one, I have denied the outrageous allegations against me. I have never been charged with a crime, let alone convicted of one,” Masterson said in a statement to HuffPost. “In this country, you are presumed innocent until proven guilty. However, in the current climate, it seems as if you are presumed guilty the moment you are accused. I understand and look forward to clearing my name once and for all.”

In March, People reported that the former That 70s Show star was being investigated by the Los Angeles Police Department after three women accused him of sexual assault in the early 2000s. Masterson denied the allegations at the time, and he has not yet been charged with any crime. His spokesperson did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

73. James Levine
Music Director of the Metropolitan Opera James Levine speaks at a Metropolitan Opera's press conference in 2011. Alli Harvey—Getty Images
The Metropolitan Opera suspended James Levine on Dec. 3 following allegations from three men who said the famed conductor sexually abused them when they were teenagers, the New York Times reported. The accusations date back to 1968. One of the men, Ashok Pai, filed a police report to the Lake Forest Police Department in Illinois in 2016. Peter Gelb, the Met’s general manager, told the Times that Levine denied Pai’s allegations at the time and that the Met decided not to take action to wait for a police determination.

The Metropolitan Opera said on Dec. 2 that it asked an outside law firm to investigate the allegations against Levine, who served as its music director from 1976 to 2016. A spokesperson for Levine did not comment to the Times. Levine’s manager did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

In March, the Metropolitan Opera announced it hard fired Levine after its investigation found he engaged in “sexually abusive and harassing conduct.” Levine sued the Met later that month for breach of contract and defamation, with the suit saying that he had “clearly and unequivocally denied any wrongdoing in connection with those allegations.” The Met countersued in May.

72. John Hockenberry
Reporter John Hockenberry speaks at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 24, 2014 in New York City. Astrid Stawiarz—2014 Getty Images
The public radio icon, known for hosting The Takeaway on WNYC for more than 10 years, has been accused of inappropriate behavior by multiple female colleagues. A report published in New York magazine’s the Cutdetails a number of these accusations, ranging from inappropriate email communication to a nonconsensual kiss in his hotel room.

Hockenberry left his job at The Takeaway in August. Months before that, in February, former colleague Suki Kim filed a complaint against him, citing multiple inappropriate email messages. After his departure, Kim spoke to multiple other female employees at the show, many of whom described similar behavior. In a statement provided to New York, Hockenberry said: “I’ve always had a reputation for being tough, and certainly I’ve been rude, aggressive and impolite. Looking back, my behavior was not always appropriate and I’m sorry. It horrifies me that I made the talented and driven people I worked with feel uncomfortable, and that the stress around putting together a great show was made worse by my behavior. Having to deal with my own physical limitations [Hockenberry is paralyzed from the waist down] has given me an understanding of powerlessness, and I should have been more aware of how the power I wielded over others, coupled with inappropriate comments and communications, could be construed. I have no excuses.”

71. Bruce Weber
Photographer Bruce Weber attends the 2017 Gordon Parks Foundation Awards Gala on June 6, 2017 in New York City. Ilya S. Savenok—Getty Images
In a lawsuit filed in New York State Supreme Court, model Jason Boyce alleged that renowned fashion photographer Bruce Weber forced him to rub his own genitals during a 2014 photoshoot, the New York Post reports. Weber allegedly also sucked on the model’s fingers. At the time of the described incident, Weber was 68 and Boyce was 28.

Weber did not return the Post’s requests for comment.

70. Rep. Ruben Kihuen
Rep. Ruben Kihuen, D-Nev., holds a news conference at the Capitol on Wednesday, Nov. 1, 2017. Bill Clark—CQ-Roll Call,Inc.
BuzzFeed reported that a then-25-year-old campaign staffer quit the Democratic lawmaker’s campaign after he allegedly sexually harassed her. The woman said she began working for him in December 2015, and alleged that he propositioned her for sex and touched her thighs twice without her consent. She told BuzzFeed that she quit in April 2016.

In a statement to BuzzFeed, Kihuen said: “The staff member in question was a valued member of my team. I sincerely apologize for anything that I may have said or done that made her feel uncomfortable. I take this matter seriously as it is not indicative of who I am. I was raised in a strong family that taught me to treat women with the utmost dignity and respect. I have spent my fifteen years in public service fighting for women’s equality, and I will continue to do so.”

In December, Kihuen announced he wouldn’t seek re-election.

69. Rep. Blake Farenthold
Representative Blake Farenthold (R-TX) speaks at an event on June 23, 2016 in Washington, DC. Larry French—Getty Images
Politico reported that the Texas Republican settled a sexual harassment lawsuit filed by his former communications director, Lauren Greene, for $84,000 (using taxpayer funds). Greene filed her lawsuit in 2014, alleging gender discrimination, sexual harassment and a hostile work environment. Greene alleges that Farenthold told another aide that he had “sexual fantasies” and “wet dreams” about her.

In a statement, Farenthold said: “While I 100% support more transparency with respect to claims against members of Congress, I can neither confirm nor deny that settlement involved my office as the Congressional Accountability Act prohibits me from answering that question.”

Farenthold resigned from Congress in April.

68. Shervin Pishevar
Co-Founder and Managing Director of Sherpa Capital Shervin Pishevar speaks onstage during Vanity Fair New Establishment Summit Beverly Hills, Calif. on Oct. 3, 2017. Matt Winkelmeyer—Getty Images
Bloomberg reported that five women came forward to accuse the Uber investor of sexual assault or harassment. The women told Bloomberg that Pishevar took advantage of their professional connections by using mentorship, an investment or a potential job to make unwanted advances.

In a statement to Bloomberg, representatives for Pishevar said, “We are confident that these anecdotes will be shown to be untrue.” He did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

In November, Forbes reported that Pishevar was arrested — but never charged — in London in May for alleged rape. A spokesperson told Bloomberg: “In May 2017, Mr. Pishevar was detained briefly in London in connection with an alleged sexual assault, an allegation he categorically denied. He fully cooperated with the police investigation which was exhaustive and detailed. In July he was informed that no further action would be taken against him, and he was ‘de-arrested’ (a British legal term).”

67. Geraldo Rivera
Political commentator Geraldo Rivera speaks to members of the media in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York, on Jan. 13, 2017. Albin Lohr-Jones—Pool/ Bloomberg Images
After Fox News’ Geraldo Rivera tweeted in support of Matt Lauer by saying harassment claims are “criminalizing courtship,” Bette Midler tweeted a clip of her 1991 interview with Barbara Walters. In the interview, she accused Rivera and an unnamed producer of drugging and groping her in the 1970s. Rivera wrote in his 1991 autobiography that he had a “torrid sexual affair” with Midler.

“Geraldo may have apologized for his tweets supporting Matt Lauer, but he has yet to apologize for this,” Midler tweeted.

Tomorrow is my birthday. I feel like this video was a gift from the universe to me. Geraldo may have apologized for his tweets supporting Matt Lauer, but he has yet to apologize for this. #MeToo pic.twitter.com/TkcolFWfA2

— Bette Midler (@BetteMidler) November 30, 2017
In a series of tweets on Dec. 1, he said he remembered the alleged event “much differently” than Midler, but “that oes not change the fact that she has a right to speak out & demand an apology from me, for in the very least, publically [sic] embarrassing her all those years ago. Bette, I apologize.” He did not immediately respond to responded to TIME’s request for comment.

Although I recall the time @BetteMidler has alluded to much differently than she, that does not change the fact that she has a right to speak out & demand an apology from me, for in the very least, publically embarrassing her all those years ago. Bette, I apologize.

— Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera) December 1, 2017
27 years ago I wrote a tawdry book depicting consensual events in 1973-45 years ago-I’ve deeply regretted its distasteful & disrespectful tone & have refrained from speaking about it-I’m embarrassed & profoundly sorry to those mentioned-I have & again apologize to anyone offended

— Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera) December 1, 2017
66. Johnny Iuzzini
Pastry Chef Johnny Iuzzini poses for a photo during Expo 2015 at Fiera Milano Rho on May 28, 2015 in Milan, Italy. Pier Marco Tacca—Getty Images
Mic reported that four former employees — two pastry chefs and two unpaid externs — alleged that the Top Chef: Just Desserts judge sexually harassed them. The allegations include touching employees’ butts with kitchen utensils and sticking his tongue in a woman’s ear.

In a statement to Mic, Iuzzini said he was “shattered and heartbroken at the thought that any of my actions left members of my team feeling hurt or degraded.” He added: “Many of the other allegations are inaccurate, others I do not recall and none were meant to hurt people. Nonetheless, I must take responsibility if any of the members of my team felt uncomfortable by my words or actions, regardless of my intent or recollection. I must hear that what the women making the accusations are telling me and recognize I caused pain.”

Iuzzini did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

65. Israel Horovitz
Playwright Israel Horovitz attends the "Out Of The Mouths Of Babes" Off-Broadway Photo Opportunity at MTC Rehearsal Studios on May 12, 2016 in New York City. Monica Schipper—Getty Images
The New York Times reported on Nov. 30 that nine women came forward to accuse the Park Your Car in Harvard Yard playwright and director of sexual misconduct. The allegations included rape and unwanted contact and kissing, and were made by many women who said they sought out Horovitz as a mentor. Horovitz’s son Adam told the Times that he believes the allegations against his father are true.

In a statement to the Times, Horovitz said that he has “a different memory of some of these events.” But he added: ” I apologize with all my heart to any woman who has ever felt compromised by my actions, and to my family and friends who have put their trust in me. To hear that I have caused pain is profoundly upsetting, as is the idea that I might have crossed a line with anyone who considered me a mentor.” A representative for Horovitz did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

In 1993, ten women made allegations of sexual harassment against Horovitz, which he denied at the time.

64. Garrison Keillor
Garrison Keillor performs at City Winery on October 4, 2017 in New York City. Al Pereira—WireImage/Getty Images
The former host of “A Prairie Home Companion” told the Associated Press that he was fired from Minnesota Public Radio over allegations of “inappropriate behavior.”

In an email to the Star Tribune, Keillor said the allegation involved him touching a woman’s back. “I put my hand on a woman’s bare back. I meant to pat her back after she told me about her unhappiness and her shirt was open and my hand went up it about six inches. She recoiled. I apologized. I sent her an email of apology later and she replied that she had forgiven me and not to think about it. We were friends. We continued to be friendly right up until her lawyer called,” he said. Keillor originally told the Associated Press that his termination involved “a story that I think is more interesting and more complicated than the version MPR heard.” Keillor did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

Minnesota Public Radio confirmed his termination in a statement and said it hired an outside law firm to investigate. “Based on what we currently know, there are no similar allegations involving other staff,” the statement said. A spokesperson for Minnesota Public Radio declined to comment beyond its statement. On Nov. 28, the Washington Post published an op-ed by Keillor, in which he argued that Sen. Al Franken shouldn’t resign following several allegations of groping.

63. Matt Lauer
Matt Lauer on set of the Today Show on Nov.16, 2017. Zach Pagano—NBC/NBCU/Getty Images
NBC announced on Nov. 29 that it had fired Lauer, who has co-anchored the Today show since 1997, after it received a detailed complaint about “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” In a memo send to NBC employees, NBC News Chairman Andrew Lack said: “While it is the first complaint about his behavior in the over 20 years he’s been at NBC News, we were also presented with reason to believe this may not have been an isolated incident.” NBC did not disclose specifics about the allegations.

Matt Lauer has been terminated from NBC News. On Monday night, we received a detailed complaint from a colleague about inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace by Matt Lauer. As a result, we’ve decided to terminate his employment. pic.twitter.com/1A3UAZpvPb

— TODAY (@TODAYshow) November 29, 2017
Lauer said in a statement on Nov. 30: “There are no words to express my sorrow and regret for the pain I have caused others by words and actions. To the people I have hurt, I am truly sorry. As I am writing this, I realize the depth of the damage and disappointment I have left behind at home and at NBC. Some of what is being said about me is untrue or mischaracterized, but there is enough truth in these stories to make me feel embarrassed and ashamed. I regret that my shame is now shared by the people I cherish dearly. Repairing the damage will take a lot of time and soul searching and I’m committed to beginning that effort. It is now my full time job. The last two days have forced me to take a very hard look at my own troubling flaws. It’s been humbling. I am blessed to be surrounded by people I love. I thank them for their patience and grace.”

62. Andy Rubin
Founder and CEO of Essential Products Andy Rubin speaks onstage at a conference in New York City, on June 7, 2017. Brian Ach—Getty Images for Wired
The Verge reported that Rubin, the founder and CEO of phone startup Essential, took a leave of absence from his company. The announcement follows a report from the Information that alleged Rubin, who created Android, left Google in 2014 after an investigation into an “inappropriate relationship” with a subordinate. The Information reported that the woman filed a complaint with Google’s Human Resources department, which investigated and reportedly found that his behavior was “improper and showed bad judgment.”

Rubin’s spokesperson said in a statement to the Information: “Any relationship that Mr. Rubin had while at Google was consensual… Mr. Rubin was never told by Google that he engaged in any misconduct while at Google and he did not, either while at Google or since.” The spokesperson did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

61. David Sweeney
NPR announced on Nov. 28 that Sweeney, the company’s chief news editor, left the company after at least three women — all current and former NPR journalists — accused him of sexual harassment. “This is a difficult time for our newsroom and I’m committed to supporting all of you as we move forward. I know you appreciate that there are some questions I cannot answer in keeping with our practice to not comment on personnel issues, but I will do my best to address those I can,” NPR’s acting senior vice president of news Chris Turpin said in a statement.

Sweeney has not commented publicly. He declined to comment to TIME.

60. Nick Carter
Eric McCandless—ABC via Getty Images
The former member of the Backstreet Boys has been accused of rape by pop singer Melissa Schuman. Schuman, a member of the girl group “Dream,” detailed the encounter in a blog post published earlier this month. She said Carter forcefully took her virginity in 2002, when she was 18 and he was 22, according to The Daily Beast.

Representatives for Carter did not immediately return a request for comment from TIME on Wednesday. In a statement to PEOPLE, Carter said: “I am shocked and saddened by Ms. Schuman’s accusations. Melissa never expressed to me while we were together or at any time since that anything we did was not consensual.”

59. John Lasseter
John Lasseter attends the premiere of "Coco" at El Capitan Theatre on Nov., 2017 in Los Angeles. Jason LaVeris—FilmMagic/Getty Images
The head of Pixar and Walt Disney Animations Studio is taking a leave of absence following “difficult,” “painful” conversations and “missteps,” he wrote in a letter to staff, according to The Hollywood Reporter. The Toy Story and Toy Story 2 director was reportedly accused of making unwanted advances and remarks on appearances towards colleagues and collaborators.

In his memo, Lasseter apologized for any actions, saying, “I’ve been giving a lot of thought to the leader I am today compared to the mentor, advocate and champion I want to be. It’s been brought to my attention that I have made some of you feel disrespected or uncomfortable. That was never my intent.”A spokesperson from Disney emailed the following statement to TIME: “We are committed to maintaining an environment in which all employees are respected and empowered to do their best work. We appreciate John’s candor and sincere apology and fully support his sabbatical.”

58. John Conyers
Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich., speaks during a Congressional Progressive Caucus news conference in the Capitol Visitor Center to introduce the Deal for All resolution. Tom Williams—CQ-Roll Call/Getty Images
The top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee has been accused of making sexual advances toward female members of his staff, according to BuzzFeed News. Affidavits from former staffers published by the news site allege that the longest-serving member in the House of Representatives requested sexual favors and inappropriately touched female staffers. He also allegedly asked one staff member to transport and contact women with whom she believed the Congressman was having affairs with.

In 2015, through Congress’s Office of Compliance, Conyers settled a wrongful dismissal complaint with a former employee “because she would not succumb to [his] sexual advances.” In a statement, Conyers admits to settling the claim, but “vehemently denies” any of the sexual misconduct claims. The settlement, which totaled over $27,000, was paid for through Conyers’s office budget, according to BuzzFeed.

His statement added: “To the extent the House determines to look further at these issues, I will fully cooperate with an investigation.”

Conyers’s office did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

In December, Conyers announced his resignation from the House. He told reporters that his legacy “can’t be compromised or diminished in any way by what we’re going through now.”

57. Charlie Rose
Charlie Rose attends an event at The Paley Center for Media in New York City, on Nov. 1, 2017. Roy Rochlin—Getty Images
Longtime television host Charlie Rose was accused by eight women of making lewd phone calls to them, walking around naked in their presence and groping their breasts and genital areas in incidents ranging from the 1990s to 2011, the Washington Post reported on Nov. 20.

“It is essential that these women know I hear them and that I deeply apologize for my inappropriate behavior,” Rose said in a statement to the Post. “I am greatly embarrassed. I have behaved insensitively at times, and I accept responsibility for that, though I do not believe that all of these allegations are accurate. I always felt that I was pursuing shared feelings, even though I now realize I was mistaken.”

Rose was later fired from CBS and PBS. In May, the Washington Post reported that an additional 27 women accused Rose of sexually harassing them. Rose said in a statement to the Post: “Your story is unfair and inaccurate.”

56. Ryan Seacrest
NBC/NBCU Photo Bank/Getty Images
A former wardrobe stylist for Ryan Seacrest recently came forward to accuse the longtime radio and TV host of misconduct, although details about the accusation and her identity are still unclear.

In a statement, Seacrest said the stylist, who worked for him at E! News a decade ago, had claimed Seacrest “behaved inappropriately toward her.” Seacrest apologized if he “made her feel anything but respected” but denied the “reckless allegations” she made. The American Idol host said he plans to cooperate with “any corporate inquiries.”

In February, E! announced that an external investigation found insufficient evidence to substantiate the allegations against Seacrest.

55. Russell Simmons
Russell Simmons presents the Vanguard Award on stage at the 46th NAACP Image Awards in Pasadena, Calif. on Feb. 6, 2015 Chris Pizzello—Invision/AP
Model Keri Claussen Khalighi claimed Russell Simmons pulled off her clothes and coerced her into performing oral sex on him in his apartment in 1991 while Brett Ratner looked on, according to the Los Angeles Times. Khalighi, who was 17 at the time, also said Simmons later briefly penetrated her without her consent while she was in the shower.

Representatives for Simmons pointed TIME to the entrepreneur’s statement on Twitter, where he “completely and unequivocally” denies the “horrendous allegations of non-consensual sex” made against him.

Simmons said he knows Khalighi and remembers spending that weekend with her nearly three decades ago. “Everything that happened between us 26 years ago was completely consensual and with Keri’s full participation,” he said. “I’m deeply saddened and truly shocked to learn of Keri’s assertions as to what happened over the course of that weekend.”

Statement of Russell Simmons in Response to LA Times Article. pic.twitter.com/iwT7Wy3SoY

— Russell Simmons (@UncleRUSH) November 19, 2017
On Nov. 30, Simmons said he would be stepping down from his company. “The voices of the voiceless, those who have been hurt or shamed, deserve and need to be heard,” he said in a statement, according to CNN. “As the corridors of power inevitably make way for a new generation, I don’t want to be a distraction so I am removing myself from the businesses that I founded.”

In December, three women told the New York Times that Simmons had raped them. Simmons told the Times: “I vehemently deny all these allegations. These horrific accusations have shocked me to my core and all of my relations have been consensual.”

54. Glenn Thrush
New York Times reporter Glenn Thrush works in the Brady Briefing Room after being excluded from a press gaggle by White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, in Washington, DC, on Feb. 24, 2017. Mark Wilson—Getty Images
On Nov. 20, the New York Times suspended Glenn Thrush, its White House correspondent and a leading political reporter for the paper, after a Vox report detailed allegations of sexual misconduct from several women. Vox, which spoke to three unidentified accusers, said the incidents ranged from “unwanted groping” to “wet kisses out of nowhere” to “hazy sexual encounters that played out under the influence of alcohol.” The writer of the Vox story, Laura McGann, who previously worked with Thrush at Politico, also accused Thrush of unwanted advances. “I was wearing a skirt, and he put his hand on my thigh. He started kissing me,” she wrote. “I pulled myself together and got out of there, shoving him on my way out.”

“The behavior attributed to Glenn in this Vox story is very concerning and not in keeping with the standards and values of The New York Times,” the newspaper said in a statement. “We intend to fully investigate and while we do, Glenn will be suspended.”

NYT statement on Glenn Thrush: “We intend to fully investigate and while we do, Glenn will be suspended” https://t.co/4u20Eqfgup pic.twitter.com/QcW7IFgaKR

— The New York Times (@nytimes) November 20, 2017
In a statement, Thrush blamed his behavior over the past several years on his heavy drinking and apologized to “any woman who felt uncomfortable in my presence.”

“Any behavior that makes a woman feel disrespected or uncomfortable is unacceptable,” he said. “I have done things that I am ashamed of, actions that have brought great hurt to my family and friends.”

Thrush said he would soon begin out-patient treatment for alcoholism. “I am working hard to repair the damage I have done,” he said.

Thrush also denied McGann’s allegations. “My recollection of my interactions with Laura differs greatly from hers – the encounter was consensual, brief, and ended by me,” he said.

The Times‘ investigation concluded that Thrush “acted offensively, [but] he does not deserve to be fired.” He was moved off the White House beat following his suspension.

53. Jameis Winston
Quarterback Jameis Winston #3 of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers looks over his clipboard on the sidelines during an NFL football game against the New York Jets in Tampa, on Nov. 12, 2017. Brian Blanco—Getty Images
The NFL said it was an investigating the Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback for allegedly groping an Uber driver in 2016, BuzzFeed reports. The woman told BuzzFeed that Winston “reached over and he just grabbed my crotch” while stopped in the drive-through lane of a Mexican restaurant.

Uber told BuzzFeed it banned Winston from the service. The Buccaneers said it was “obtaining further information” on the incident. An agent for Winston denied the claim. “We categorically deny this allegation,” the agent said. “It is our understanding the uber driver was unable to identify the specific individual who allegedly touched this driver inappropriately. The only reason his name is being dragged in to this is that his uber account was used to call the ride.” The agent did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

In December 2016, Winston settled a lawsuit with a woman who accused him of raping her in 2012 while they were students at Florida State. Winston denied the allegation and said that the sex was consensual.

52. Sylvester Stallone
Actor Sylvester Stallone arrives at the premiere of Disney and Marvel's 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' at Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, on April 19, 2017. Axelle/Bauer-Griffin—FilmMagic/Getty Images
The Daily Mail reported that it had obtained a police report filed by a 16-year-old girl alleging that the Rocky actor had assaulted her in the late 1980s. The woman ultimately denied to press charges, according to The Daily Mail. The Las Vegas Police Department told The Hollywood Reporter that the police report “appears to be authentic” in its style, but there is no record of the report “given the time which has passed.”

“This is a ridiculous, categorically false story,” a spokesperson for Stallone told The Hollywood Reporter. “No one was ever aware of this story until it was published today, including Mr. Stallone. At no time was Mr. Stallone ever contacted by any authorities or anyone else regarding this matter.” The spokesperson did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

51. Ron Jeremy
—

Adult film actor Ron Jeremy attends the 2017 Adult Video News Awards at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, on Jan. 21, 2017. Gabe Ginsberg—Getty Images
More than a dozen women accused the porn star of sexual misconduct, Rolling Stone reported. The allegations include multiple accusations of rape, as well as groping and sucking a woman’s breast without her consent.

In a statement sent to Rolling Stone, Jeremy denied the allegations. “These allegations are pure lies or buyers remorse,” he said. “I have never and would never rape anyone. All serious allegations have been investigated by police and dismissed by judges, as have most of the accusations of ‘groping.’ I have never been charged nor spent one day in court for any of this.” Jeremy’s agent did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

50. Al Franken
Senator Al Franken speaks at The Great Hall at Cooper Union in New York City, on Aug. 1, 2017. Rob Kim—Getty Images
Radio anchor Leeann Tweeden alleged in a post published on KABC that the U.S. Senator groped her and kissed her without her consent in 2006. She said that Franken, then a comedian, repeatedly tried to kiss her during rehearsals for a skit. Tweeden included a photo that appears to show Franken grabbing her breasts while she was asleep.

“I certainly don’t remember the rehearsal for the skit in the same way, but I send my sincerest apologies to Leeann,” Franken said in a statement. “As to the photo, it was clearly intended to be funny but wasn’t. I shouldn’t have done it.”

Seven other women later made similar allegations against Franken. In December, he announced his resignation from the Senate.

Franken said in his resignation speech: “Over the last few weeks a number of women have come forward to talk about how they felt my actions had affected them. I was shocked. I was upset. But in responding to their claims, I also wanted to be respectful of that broader conversation because all women deserve to be heard and their experiences taken seriously. I think that was the right thing to do. I also think it gave some people the false impression that I was admitting to doing things that in fact I haven’t done. Some of the allegations against me are simply not true. Others I remember very differently.”

49. Adam Venit
Talent agent Adam Venit arrives at the Yahoo! Sports Presents A Day Of Champions event at the Sports Museum of Los Angeles on Nov. 6, 2011. Amanda Edwards—Getty Images
Actor and former football player Terry Crews alleged that Venit, a top Hollywood agent at William Morris Endeavor, groped him at an industry party in 2016.

Variety reported that WME placed Venit on leave pending an investigation into Crews’ allegations. WME and Venit did not respond to TIME’s request for comment.

In November, Venit returned to WME. In March, Los Angeles prosecutors declined to file charges against Venit, saying the incident fell outside the statue of limitations.

48. Dallas Clayton
Author Dallas Clayton attends Milk + Bookies 6th Annual Story Time Celebration in Los Angeles on April 19, 2015. Donato Sardella—Milk + Bookies/Getty Images
The Los Angeles Police are investigating an allegation of rape against the children’s book author, illustrator and motivational speaker, BuzzFeed reported. Dawn Batson filed a police report on Oct. 19 and then wrote about her allegation in an Instagram post.

A lawyer for Clayton, best known for his Awesome Book series, denied the allegations in a statement sent to BuzzFeed. “Mr. Clayton categorically denies Ms. Batson’s allegations, and while no law enforcement officials have reached out to my client about this matter, if and when that occurs, he will cooperate fully with any purported investigation to ensure that his name is cleared,” the attorney said. Clayton’s attorney did not respond to TIME’s request for comment.

47. Mark Schwahn
Mark Schwahn attends the NBCUniversal 2015 Press Tour at the Langham Huntington Hotel on Jan. 15, 2015 in Pasadena, Calif. JB Lacroix—WireImage
Sophia Bush, Hilarie Burton and 16 other female cast and crew members of One Tree Hill, which aired between 2003 and 2012, published an open letter in Variety accusing Schwahn, the show’s creator and showrunner, of sexual harassment and emotional manipulation. “Mark Schwahn’s behavior over the duration of the filming of One Tree Hill was something of an ‘open secret,'” the letter read. The letter came after former One Tree Hill writer Audrey Wauchope wrote a series of tweets detailing sexual harassment on the set of her first TV show without naming the show or her alleged harasser.

E!, which airs Schwahn’s new show The Royals, told Variety it was “monitoring the information carefully.” Schwahn hasn’t commented publicly and his representative did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

In December, E! said it had fired Schwahn from The Royals.

46. Tom Sizemore
Tom Sizemore visits SiriusXM Studios in New York City, on Sept. 24, 2014 . Robin Marchant—Getty Images
The Hollywood Reporter reported that the actor was told to leave a film set in 2003 after an 11-year-old girl told her mother that he had touched her genitals. The girl’s parents declined to press charges, and Sizemore returned for reshoots months later.

Sizemore denied the allegations at the time, according to the Hollywood Reporter, and his agent declined to comment to the magazine. His manager did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

45. Steve Jurvetson
DFJ Partner Steve Jurvetson speaks onstage during TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2017 at Pier 48 in San Francisco, on Sept. 18, 2017. Steve Jennings—TechCrunch/Getty Images
Jurvetson, a board member of Tesla and a founding partner of venture capital firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson, resigned from his company and will take a leave of absence from Tesla amid an investigation into his behavior with women, the New York Times reported. Tech entrepreneur Keri Kukral wrote on Facebook last month: “Women approached by a founding partner of Draper Fisher Jurvetson should be careful.”

Jurvetson confirmed his departure on Twitter, but denied the allegations. “I am leaving DFJ to focus on personal matters, including taking legal action against those whose false statements have defamed me,” he wrote. He did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

44. Richard Dreyfuss
Actor Richard Dreyfuss attends the AFI Life Achievement Award gala at Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, on June 8, 2017. Jason LaVeris—FilmMagic/Getty Images
Writer Jessica Teich told Vulture that the actor sexually harassed her and once exposed himself to her over a period of two to three years in the mid-1980s.

Dreyfuss denied the allegations in a statement to Vulture, but admitted to flirting with women. “I emphatically deny ever ‘exposing’ myself to Jessica Teich, whom I have considered a friend for 30 years. I did flirt with her, and I remember trying to kiss Jessica as part of what I thought was a consensual seduction ritual that went on and on for many years,” he said. “I am horrified and bewildered to discover that it wasn’t consensual. I didn’t get it. It makes me reassess every relationship I have ever thought was playful and mutual.”

A spokesperson for Dreyfuss did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

43. George Takei
George Takei attends opening night of 'King Of The Yees' at Kirk Douglas Theatre in Culver City, Calif., on July 16, 2017. Tara Ziemba—FilmMagic/Getty Images
Former model Scott Brunton told CNN that the Star Trek star and LGBT activist groped him when he was passed out nearly 40 years ago.

Takei denied the allegations in a series of tweets, writing “non-consensual acts are so antithetical to my values and my practices, the very idea that someone would accuse me of this is quite personally painful.” Takei’s agent did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

Friends,

I'm writing to respond to the accusations made by Scott R. Bruton. I want to assure you all that I am as shocked and bewildered at these claims as you must feel reading them. /1

— George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 11, 2017
The events he describes back in the 1980s simply did not occur, and I do not know why he has claimed them now. I have wracked my brain to ask if I remember Mr. Brunton, and I cannot say I do. /2

— George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 11, 2017
But I do take these claims very seriously, and I wanted to provide my response thoughtfully and not out of the moment. /3

— George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 11, 2017
Right now it is a he said / he said situation, over alleged events nearly 40 years ago. But those that know me understand that non-consensual acts are so antithetical to my values and my practices, the very idea that someone would accuse me of this is quite personally painful. /4

— George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 11, 2017
Brad, who is 100 percent beside me on this, as my life partner of more than 30 years and now my husband, stands fully by my side. I cannot tell you how vital it has been to have his unwavering support and love in these difficult times. /5

— George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 11, 2017
Thanks to many of you for all the kind words and trust. It means so much to us. 

Yours in gratitude,

George /end

— George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 11, 2017
In May, The Observer reported that Brunton walked back parts of his story in a series of interviews with the publication. But Brunton told HuffPost that the publication had mischaracterized his comments and he was “sticking to my story.”

42. Andrew Kreisberg
Producer Andrew Kreisberg speaks onstage during The Executive Producers' panel discussion during The CW portion of the 2016 Television Critics Association Summer Tour at The Beverly Hilton Hotel on Aug. 11, 2016. Frederick M. Brown—Getty Images
Warner Bros. Television Group suspended and will investigate Kreisberg amid allegations of sexual harassment and inappropriate physical contact, Variety reported. Kreisberg is the co-creator and executive producer of several shows on The CW, including Arrow, Supergirl and The Flash. Warner Brothers announced in a statement on Nov. 29 that it had fired Kreisberg.

Kreisberg strongly denied the allegations, according to Variety. His agent did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

41. Eddie Berganza
BuzzFeed reported that three women alleged that the DC Comics editor sexually harassed them, including allegations of kissing without consent and attempted groping. The report claims that five people, including two of the women, reported the allegations, but Berganza got promoted anyway.

DC Comics has since suspended Berganza, who hasn’t commented publicly on the allegations. “There will be a prompt and yet careful review into next steps as it relates to the allegations against him, and the concerns our talent, employees and fans have shared. DC continues to be extremely committed to creating a safe and secure working environment for our employees and everyone involved in the creation of our comic books,” DC Comics said in a statement. Berganza did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

40. Steve Lebsock
The Denver Post reported that Democratic Colorado State Rep. Faith Winter alleged that Lebsock, a fellow Democratic state representative, spoke explicitly about sex and grabbed her elbow in an attempt to get her to leave with him at a 2016 party.

In an interview with the Post, Lebsock denied Winter’s allegations, but said he was drinking the night of the party. “I’m extremely sorry that Rep. Winter has been hurt, but I can also say honestly that I do not remember ever saying anything inappropriate to Rep. Winter,” he said. “I can’t say with certainty about every single word that was spoken. I just honestly do not remember saying anything close to that.” He did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

39. Sepp Blatter
Producer Andrew Kreisberg speaks onstage during The Executive Producers' panel discussion during The CW portion of the 2016 Television Critics Association Summer Tour at The Beverly Hilton Hotel on Aug. 11, 2016. Frederick M. Brown—Getty Images
U.S. soccer star Hope Solo alleged in an interview with Portuguese newspaper Expresso that the former Fifa president grabbed her butt at Fifa’s Ballon d’Or awards ceremony in 2013, according to the Guardian.

Blatter denied the allegation through a spokesperson, according to the Guardian. “This allegation is ridiculous,” the spokesperson said. Blatter’s attorney did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

38. Matthew Weiner
Matthew Weiner attends Cinema's Legacy conversation for "Flirting with Disaster" at the 2016 AFI Fest at TCL Chinese 6 Theatres in Hollywood, on November 11, 2016. Jason LaVeris—FilmMagic/Getty Images
In an interview with The Information, Emmy-award winner Kater Gordon, formerly Weiner’s personal assistant and a staff writer on Mad Men, said that the showrunner allegedly told her that she owed it to him to allow him to see her naked. A year later, Gordon was fired from the award-winning series.

A spokesperson for Weiner directed TIME to a statement given to The Information saying that the Mad Men creator denied the alleged interaction with Gordon.

“Mr. Weiner spent eight to ten hours a day writing dialogue aloud with Miss Gordon, who started on ‘Mad Men’ as his writers assistant. He does not remember saying this comment nor does it reflect a comment he would say to any colleague,” the spokesperson said.

37. Louis C.K.
Louis C.K. attends FX and Vanity Fair Emmy Celebration at Craft in Century City, Calif. on on Sept. 16, 2017. Rich Fury—Getty Images
In a New York Times investigation, two women alleged that the comedian masturbated in front of them, while another said that she could hear him masturbating on the phone. Two others claimed that the Lucky Louie star asked if he could masturbate in front of them.

Play Video
C.K. said that the allegations are true in a statement released Nov. 10. “I have been remorseful of my actions. And I’ve tried to learn from them. And run from them. Now I’m aware of the extent of the impact of my actions,” he said. “I learned yesterday the extent to which I left these women who admired me feeling badly about themselves and cautious around other men who would never have put them in that position.” Read his full statement here.

36. Gary Goddard
Former E.R. star Anthony Edwards wrote a Medium post alleging that the producer and director molested him when he was 12 and raped one of his best friends.

Goddard denied the allegations in a statement from his spokesperson. “Gary played an important role in helping start Anthony’s acting career and acted as his personal manager. He has nothing but the greatest respect for Anthony as a person,” the spokesperson said. “Gary is saddened by the false allegations.”

35. Jann Wenner
Jann Wenner on the TODAY show on Nov. 7, 2017. Nathan Congleton—NBC/NBCU Photo Bank/Getty Images
Writer Ben Ryan told BuzzFeed that the Rolling Stone magazine founder offered him writing work in exchange for sex and kissed him without his consent.

In a statement, Wenner denied the allegations. “I met him twelve years ago and did flirt with him. There was no quid pro quo,” Wenner said. “He refused my advances, but still went on to have his assignment from Men’s Journal published.”

34. Roy Moore
Roy Moore, speaks at a campaign rallyin Fairhope, Alabama on Sept. 25, 2017. Scott Olson—Getty Images
The Washington Post reported that the U.S Senate candidate allegedly initiated a sexual encounter with Leigh Corfman in 1979 when she was 14, and he was a 32-year-old assistant district attorney. Moore allegedly made repeated advances, including kissing on one occasion, and in a subsequent encounter took off her clothes and his clothes and touched her. “I wanted it over with,” Corfman told the Post. Three other women also told the Post that Moore initiated relationships with them while they were between the ages of 16 and 18 and he was in his 30s. According to the Post, the three women said that Moore never forced sexual contact, and the physical relationships did not go beyond kissing.

Play Video
Moore denied the allegations in a statement sent to the Post. “These allegations are completely false and are a desperate political attack by the National Democrat Party and the Washington Post on this campaign,” he said. In a statement sent to TIME, Moore’s campaign chair called the allegations the “very definition of fake news and intentional defamation.”

33. André Balazs
André Balazs Attends the White Cube & Soho Beach House Party in Miami Beach, on Nov. 29, 2016. Nicholas Hun—Soho Beach House/Getty Images
In a story in the New York Times, actor Amanda Anka alleged that the hotelier reached up her dress while she was climbing a ladder and grabbed her crotch in 2014. Anka, who is married to actor Jason Bateman, was among a group of “Horrible Bosses 2” stars whom Balazs took for a tour of his London hotel, The Chiltern, at a celebration for the film. Anka immediately told the group what happened, and Bateman confronted Balazs before the couple left the hotel.

Anka and Bateman’s publicist released a statement to the Times confirming the details: “On behalf of Jason Bateman and Amanda Anka, we can confirm that the account of André Balazs’s outrageous and vile behavior on that night in London is factual… His actions were dealt with at the time.”

In addition to the Chiltern, Balazs, 60, owns Chateau Marmot in Los Angeles, the Mercer in Manhattan and Sunset Beach in Long Island, New York. He stepped down from board of the Standard earlier this year.

Three more women shared stories of misconduct with the Times. Sarah, a former employee at the Chateau Marmont, told the Times that Balazs invited her to dinner, then took her to a mud-wrestling event where he pinned her against a wall, kissed her and penetrated her with his fingers in 1991. Sarah showed emails to the Times in which she confronted Balazs, and he wrote he didn’t remember the events but offered to talk. A second former employee reported that he pinned her against the wall of an elevator and tried to kiss her. A media executive said he reached between her legs from behind and grabbed her crotch at a New York Fashion Week party in 2013.

Balazs did not return request for comment from TIME or the New York Times.

32. Dan Schoen
Rep. Dan Schoen at the Minnesota State Office Building in St. Paul, Minn. on March 10, 2026. Elizabeth Flores—Star Tribune/AP
Multiple women accused the Democratic Minnesota State senator of sexual harassment, MinnPost reported. The allegations include grabbing a woman’s butt and sending an image of male genitalia. Some of Schoen’s fellow Democrats, including Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton, have called on the lawmaker to resign.

In a statement to MinnPost, Schoen said the allegations were “either completely false or have been taken far out of context.” He added: “It was never my intention to leave the impression I was making an inappropriate advance on anyone. I feel terrible that someone may have a different interpretation of an encounter, but that is the absolute truth. I also unequivocally deny that I ever made inappropriate contact with anyone… Despite this, if any of my actions or words have ever made another person feel uncomfortable or harassed, I deeply regret it and truly apologize.”

Schoen did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

31. Steven Seagal
Steven Seagal in Los Angeles, Feb. 23, 2017. Paul Archuleta—Getty Images
Portia de Rossi alleged on Twitter that the Above the Law actor “unzipped his leather pants” during an audition. The Good Wife star Julianna Margulies said in an interview on Sirius XM’s “Just Jenny Show” on Nov. 3 that a casting agent sent her to Seagal’s hotel room for an audition, where she saw his gun. Seagal has faced other allegations dating back to at least 1998.

My final audition for a Steven Segal movie took place in his office. He told me how important it was to have chemistry off-screen as he sat me down and unzipped his leather pants. I️ ran out and called my agent. Unfazed, she replied, “well, I didn’t know if he was your type.”

— Portia de Rossi (@portiaderossi) November 8, 2017
Seagal has denied claims of sexual harassment in the past, but hasn’t commented publicly on de Rossi or Margulies’ claims. His manager did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

On Sept. 4, the Los Angeles County District Attorney announced it would not charge Seagal for an alleged 1993 sexual assault because the statue of limitations had expired.

30. Jeffrey Tambor
Jeffrey Tambor accepts Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series for Transparent onstage during the 68th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards on Sept. 18, 2016 in Los Angeles. Kevin Winter—Getty Images
Amazon confirmed to Deadline that it is investigating the Transparent star following allegations of sexual harassment. Tambor’s former assistant first made the claims in a private Facebook post, according to Deadline.

Tambor denied the allegations in a statement to Deadline. “I am aware that a former disgruntled assistant of mine has made a private post implying that I had acted in an improper manner toward her,” he said. “I adamantly and vehemently reject and deny any and all implication and allegation that I have ever engaged in any improper behavior toward this person or any other person I have ever worked with. I am appalled and distressed by this baseless allegation.” An agent for Tambor told TIME he had no further comment beyond his statement to Deadline.

In February, Amazon said it had fired Tambor from Transparent.

29. Ed Westwick
Ed Westwick attends the Virgin TV British Academy Television Awards ceremony at the Royal Festival Hall in London, on May 14, 2017. Barcroft Media/Getty Images
In a detailed Facebook post, actor Kristina Cohen alleged that the former Gossip Girl star raped her three years ago. She alleges that she was brought to Westwick’s home by a producer she was dating at the time. She took a nap in the guest bedroom, where Westwick allegedly fingered and raped her. “I fought him off as hard as I could but he grabbed my face in his hands, shaking me, telling me he wanted to f— me. I was paralyzed, terrified,” she wrote.”

Westwick denied the allegation in an Instagram post. “I do not know this woman. I have never forced myself in any manner, on any woman. I certainly have never committed rape,” he wrote. His manager did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

Two other women have since accused Westwick of sexual assault, and the Los Angeles Police Department opened an investigation into the allegations in November. Westwick denied the other two women’s allegations, writing on Instagram in November: ““I have never forced myself in any manner, on any women. I certainly have never committed rape.”

Los Angeles prosecutors said on July 27 that it would not charge Westwick, citing insufficient evidence, according to the Los Angeles Times.

“It is a shame there are those who so publicly prejudged this case and that it took this long for Ed to be fully cleared,” Westwick’s attorney said in a statement to the Times. “I hope that those who made such quick judgment here not knowing anything about the abundant evidence of innocence in this case will hesitate next time before they so swiftly condemn before investigating the truth.”

Play Video
28. Dustin Hoffman
Actor Dustin Hoffman arrives at the Hollywood Foreign Press Association's Grants Banquet at the Beverly Wilshire Four Seasons Hotel in Beverly Hills, on Aug. 2, 2017. Axelle/Bauer-Griffin—FilmMagic/Getty Images
Author Anna Graham Hunter wrote an essay for the Hollywood Reporter, in which she alleges that Hoffman sexually harassed her on the set of the 1985 film Death of a Salesman when she was just 17 years old. Hunter claims that Hoffman groped her and made inappropriate comments to her.

In a statement to the Hollywood Reporter, Hoffman said: “I have the utmost respect for women and feel terrible that anything I might have done could have put her in an uncomfortable situation. I am sorry. It is not reflective of who I am.” A spokesperson for Hoffman did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

At least four other women — three who came forward on-the-record — later made allegations of sexual misconduct in stories published by Variety and The Hollywood Reporter. Hoffman’s attorney told Variety that the allegations were “defamatory falsehoods.”

27. Brett Ratner
Film director Brett Ratner during the 2017 Sun Valley Film Festival on March 18, 2017 in Sun Valley, Idaho. Mark Davis—Getty Images for Sun Valley Film
The Los Angeles Times interviewed six women, including actors Olivia Munn and Natasha Henstridge, who alleged that producer and director sexually harassed or assaulted them. The allegations include forcing oral sex, masturbating in front of one woman and graphically discussing sex.

In a statement to the Times, Ratner’s lawyer, Martin Singer, “categorically” denied the allegations. “I have represented Mr. Ratner for two decades, and no woman has ever made a claim against him for sexual misconduct or sexual harassment,” Singer said. “Furthermore, no woman has ever requested or received any financial settlement from my client.” Ratner’s attorney did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

26. Jeremy Piven
Jeremy Piven discusses "Wisdom Of The Crowd" with the Build Series at Build Studio in New York City, on Oct. 31, 2017. Roy Rochlin—FilmMagic/Getty Images
Actor Ariane Bellamar alleged on Twitter that Piven groped her on the set of Entourage. CBS, which airs Wisdom of the Crowd starring Piven, said it would investigate the allegations, according to the Associated Press.

Hey @jeremypiven! ‘Member when you cornered me in your trailer on the #Entourage set? ‘Member grabbing my boobies on the 🛋 without asking??

— Ariane Bellamar (@ArianeBellamar) October 30, 2017
Piven denied the allegations in a statement sent to Entertainment Weekly. “I unequivocally deny the appalling allegations being peddled about me. It did not happen,” Piven said. “It takes a great deal of courage for victims to come forward with their histories, and my hope is that the allegations about me that didn’t happen, do not detract from stories that should be heard.”

25. Michael Oreskes
Michael Oreskes, senior vice president of news and editorial director of National Public Radio (NPR), speaks at the Newseum in Washington, DC, on June 5, 2017. Saul Loeb—AFP/Getty Images
The Washington Post reported that Oreskes, currently NPR’s senior vice president of news and editorial director, kissed women without their consent while he was the Washington bureau chief of the New York Times almost two decades ago. Another woman, according to NPR, said that Oreskes brought up personal details during career counseling session while she worked with him at NPR.

Oreskes resigned from his post on Nov. 1. In an internal memo obtained by CNN, he wrote: “I am deeply sorry to the people I hurt. My behavior was wrong and inexcusable, and I accept full responsibility.” Oreskes did not respond to TIME’s request for comment.

24. Andy Dick
Comedian Andy Dick attends #NotWithHim Event in Los Angeles, on Aug. 19, 2016. Maury Phillips—WireImage/Getty Images
The Hollywood Reporter reported that the actor was fired from independent film Raising Buchanan after allegations of sexual harassment including groping people’s genitals, making unwanted sexual advances and unwanted kissing and licking.

Dick confirmed to the Hollywood Reporter that he was let go from the film. He denied groping anyone, but didn’t deny the propositioning or kissing allegations. “I might have kissed somebody on the cheek to say goodbye and then licked them. That’s my thing,” he told the magazine. “It’s me being funny. I’m not trying to sexually harass people.”

23. Kevin Spacey
Kevin Spacey speaks onstage at the 2017 AMD British Academy Britannia Awards Presented by American Airlines And Jaguar Land Rover at The Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, on Oct. 27, 2017. Frazer Harrison/BAFTA LA—Getty Images
Actor Anthony Rapp alleged in an interview with BuzzFeed that Spacey placed him on a bed, climbed on top of him and made a sexual advance when Rapp was only 14 years old.

In a statement posted on Twitter, Spacey said he didn’t remember the encounter. “I’m beyond horrified to hear his story,” Spacey wrote. “But if I did behave then as he describes, I owe him the sincerest apology for what would have been deeply inappropriate drunken behavior, and I am sorry for the feelings he describes having carried with him all these years.”

Several others have since accused Spacey of sexual misconduct. He has not commented further. Netflix announced in November that it had fired Spacey from House of Cards.

On Sept. 4, the Los Angeles County District Attorney said it would not charge Spacey for an alleged incident in October 1992 because the statue of limitations had expired.

22. Hamilton Fish
Hamilton Fish attends Tribeca Talks: After the Movie: "Food Chains" during the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival at SVA Theater in New York City, on April 26, 2014. Laura Cavanaugh—FilmMagic/Getty Images
Fish, the president and publisher of The New Republic, resigned from his post after the company opened an investigation into complaints related to “interactions between [Fish] and a number of women employees,” the New York Times reports. “I appreciate the candor our employees have displayed in coming forward with their concerns, and I take the concerns very seriously,” The New Republic‘s owner Win McCormack said in a letter to employees, according to the Times. The investigation comes after allegations that former literary editor Leon Wieseltier harassed his colleagues during his time at the magazine.

Fish has not commented publicly. In his resignation letter, Fish wrote: Women have longstanding and profound concerns with respect to their treatment in the workplace. Many men have a lot to learn in this regard. I know I do, and I hope for and encourage their new direction.” He did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

21. Stephen Collins
Stephen Collins arrives at The David Lynch Foundation hosts a "Night of Comedy" held at the Beverly Wilshire hotel in Beverly Hills, on June 30, 2012. Michael Tran—FilmMagic/Getty Images
Journalist Mimi Kramer alleged in a blog post that the 7th Heaven actor “fondled” her twice at the Drama Desk Awards about 30 years ago. “The first time, I couldn’t believe it had happened. The second time, I turned back to look at him, and he smiled and winked at me before going back to smiling and winking at people in the audience,” she wrote.

In 2014, Collins admitted and apologized for inappropriate sexual conduct with three minors between 1973 to 1994. A manager for Collins did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment about Kramer’s allegations.

20. Ken Baker
Author Ken Baker attends "Books to Screen" during the 28th Annual Palm Springs International Film Festival in Palm Springs, Calif., on Jan. 4, 2017. Vivien Killilea—Palm Springs International Film Festival/Getty Images
E! News said it was investigating correspondent Ken Baker, Variety reported, after two women claimed he sexually harassed them. One former employee told The Wrap that Baker asked her to sit on his lap, while a former intern told the publication that he propositioned her for sex and texted her that he wanted to give her “a Tiffany dildo with ‘Ken Baker’ engraved on the shaft.” “E! has a longstanding commitment to providing a safe working environment in which everyone is treated with respect and dignity,” E! told Variety in a statement. “We take all complaints of misconduct very seriously, and thoroughly investigate all allegations of harassment.”

“I am very disturbed by these anonymous allegations, which make my heart ache. I take them very seriously,” Baker said in a statement to the Wrap. “I care deeply for people’s feelings and sincerely live in a way that treats people with dignity and respect.”

19. Rick Najera
Actor Rick Najera speaks onstage during The Los Angeles Times and Hoy 2015 Latinos de Hoy Awards at Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, on Oct. 11, 2015. JC Olivera—Latinos de Hoy Awards/Getty Images
Najera, a writer and producer who headed CBS’ Diversity Sketch Comedy showcase, left his role following an investigation focused on inappropriate comments Najera allegedly made to performers, Variety reported. He allegedly told one woman that he and his wife were in an open relationship and made lewd comments to another. Rachel Bloom, the star of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, confirmed to Variety that she sent an email to warn other women of Najera’s behavior and encourage them to come forward.

“In March 2017, CBS became aware of inappropriate comments made during the production of the Diversity Comedy Showcase, and remedial action was taken at that time, which the company felt was appropriate to the matter. Subsequent information has recently emerged. After looking into these reports and a discussion with Mr. Najera, he has resigned from his role with the Diversity Comedy Showcase,” a spokesperson for CBS told Variety. A representative for Najera declined to comment to Variety.

18. Mark Halperin
Mark Halperin from Showtime's 'The Circus' participates in a panel discussion at the Showtime-presented finale reception and discussion of the second season of THE CIRCUS: INSIDE THE BIGGEST STORY ON EARTH at The Newseum on May 3, 2017 in Washington, DC. Paul Morigi—Getty Images
Halperin apologized after five women told CNN that he had sexually harassed them while he was the political director of ABC News. The women, who all spoke to CNN anonymously, alleged that the journalist, who co-authored Game Change and worked for TIME from 2007 to 2014, propositioned employees for sex, touched them with his genitals and groped one woman’s breasts without her consent. (Halperin denies grabbing a woman’s breasts and pressing his genitals against women, according to CNN). NBC News and MSNBC, which currently employs Halperin, told CNN’s Oliver Darcy that Halperin “is leaving his role as a contributor until the questions around his past conduct are fully understood.”

“During this period, I did pursue relationships with women that I worked with, including some junior to me,” Halperin said in a statement to CNN. “I now understand from these accounts that my behavior was inappropriate and caused others pain. For that, I am deeply sorry and I apologize. Under the circumstances, I’m going to take a step back from my day-to-day work while I properly deal with this situation.”

17. Knight Landesman
Knight Landesman attends the Independent Art Fair at Spring Studios in New York City, on March 2, 2017. Gonzalo Marroquin—Patrick McMullan/Getty Images
Landesman resigned as the publisher of art magazine Artforum on Oct. 25 after at least nine women accused him of sexual harassment in a lawsuit. According to the New York Times, Landesman asked employees questions about their sex lives and touched them without their consent. The suit also claims that the owners of Artforum knew about Landesman’s alleged behavior but didn’t intervene. “We will do everything in our ability to bring our workplace in line with our editorial mission, and we will use this opportunity to transform Artforum into a place of transparency, equity, and with zero tolerance for sexual harassment of any kind,” a statement from Artforum’s three publishers said, according to the Times.

“I fully recognize that I have tested certain boundaries, which I am working hard to correct,” Landesman told artnet News. “I have never willfully or intentionally harmed anyone. However, I am fully engaged in seeking help to insure that my behavior with both friends and colleagues is above reproach in the future.”

16. President George H. W. Bush
President George H.W. Bush arrives for the coin toss prior to Super Bowl 51 between the Atlanta Falcons and the New England Patriots at NRG Stadium on February 5, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Patrick Smith—Getty Images
Six women, including actor Heather Lind, have alleged that the former president grabbed their buttocks without consent. Roslyn Corrigan told TIME that Bush groped her at an event in 2003 when she was just 16.

Bush’s spokesperson told TIME: “George Bush simply does not have it in his heart to knowingly cause anyone harm or distress, and he again apologizes to anyone he may have offended during a photo op.” The spokesperson previously said that the former president “has patted women’s rears in what he intended to be a good-natured manner.”

15. Leon Wieseltier
American author and literary critic Leon Wieseltier at his home in Washington, DC. Brooks Kraft—Corbis/Getty Images
Wieseltier, a former editor of The New Republic, apologized on Oct. 24 for “offenses against some of my colleagues in the past.” A number of women who worked with Wieseltier at The New Republic exchanged emails detailing his alleged sexual harassment, including kissing them without their consent and sharing graphic details about his sex life, according to the New York Times. In the wake of the allegations, Laurene Powell Jobs announced that her company, the Emerson Collective, would no longer publish Wieseltier’s new magazine, which was scheduled to debut in late October.

“For my offenses against some of my colleagues in the past I offer a shaken apology and ask for their forgiveness,” Wieseltier said in a statement to the Times. “The women with whom I worked are smart and good people. I am ashamed to know that I made any of them feel demeaned and disrespected. I assure them I will not waste this reckoning.”

14. Roman Polanski
Roman Polanski talks to the media in Krakow, Poland, on October 30, 2015. Beata Zawrzel—NurPhoto/Getty Images
California artist Marianne Barnard alleged to the Sun that the director sexually assaulted her when she was just 10 years old. According to the Guardian, Barnard filed a report with with the Los Angeles Police Department and called on the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to revoke his membership. Barnard is the fifth woman to accuse Polanski of sexual assault, Polanski pleaded guilty to unlawful sex with a minor before fleeing the country before sentencing in 1978.

Polanski denied Barnard’s claims to the Guardian. “I entirely reject the unfounded allegations of Mme. Barnard, of whom I have no knowledge,” he said. Polanski’s lawyer did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

13. Ethan Kath
Ethan Kath performing on stage in 2008. Gary Wolstenholme—Redferns
Alice Glass, Kath’s former bandmate in electronic band Crystal Castles, claimed in a post on her website published on Oct. 24 that Kath sexually assaulted her and subjected her to “almost a decade of abuse, manipulation and psychological control” beginning when she was just 15 years old. “Over a period of many months, he gave me drugs and alcohol and had sex with me in an abandoned room at an apartment he managed,” she wrote. “It wasn’t always consensual and he remained sober whenever we were together.” Glass left the band in 2014, and was replaced by Edith Frances.

Kath denied Glass’ claims in a statement from his attorney sent to Pitchfork. “I am outraged and hurt by the recent statements made by Alice about me and our prior relationship,” he said. “Her story is pure fiction and I am consulting my lawyers as to my legal options. Fortunately, there are many witnesses who can and will confirm that I was never abusive to Alice.” A manager for Crystal Castles did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

12. R. Kelly
R. Kelly performs in concert at The Bass Concert Hall in Austin, on March 3, 2017. Gary Miller—Getty Images
In an interview with Rolling Stone, Kitti Jones alleged that the rapper physically abused her, sexually coerced and emotionally manipulated her throughout their 2-year-relationship. She claimed the “Ignition” performer made her follow rules that dictated when she could eat and when she could go to the bathroom. Kelly denied the allegations in a statement to Rolling Stone, and his attorney did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment on Jones’ allegations.

Kelly has faced allegations of emotional abuse and sex with underage women, which he has consistently denied, since at least 1996. In 2008, Kelly was acquitted of all charges in a child pornography case after he was accused of making a sex tape with an underage girl.

11. Terry Richardson
Terry Richardson seen out in Soho with his bike in New York City, on July 24, 2015. Josiah Kamau—BuzzFoto/Getty Images
On Oct. 23, the Telegraph reported that Conde Nast International banned photographer Terry Richardson from working for any of its titles, which include the international editions of Vogue and GQ. A spokesperson for Conde Nast International confirmed the report to TIME. Richardson has faced allegations of sexual harassment from models and others he worked with for years, which he has denied. The U.S. arm of Conde Nast, which publishes U.S. Vogue and Vanity Fair (both of which have published Richardson’s work), also has no plans to work with Richardson. In a statement to TIME, Conde Nast U.S. said: “Condé Nast has nothing planned with Terry going forward. Sexual harassment of any kind is unacceptable and should not be tolerated.”

“Terry is disappointed to hear about this email especially because he has previously addressed these old stories,” a spokesperson for Richardson told TIME in a statement. “He is an artist who has been known for his sexually explicit work so many of his professional interactions with subjects were sexual and explicit in nature but all of the subjects of his work participated consensually.”

10. James Toback
Play Video
James Toback, a 72-year-old Hollywood director and writer who has been nominated for an Oscar, was accused of sexually harassing 38 women, according to a Los Angeles Times report. All but seven of the women the Los Angeles Times interviewed spoke on the record. According to the report, Toback would lure them to places like hotel rooms on the premise of promising an audition for a film, only to try and engage them in sexual encounters and ask them questions about masturbation.

9. John Besh
John Besh attends the Grand Tasting in New York City, on Oct. 17, 2015 . Neilson Barnard—NYCWFF/Getty Images
According to an investigation published by the Times-Picayune, 25 women say they were victims of sexual harassment by male co-workers and bosses while working at one of Besh’s restaurants. One former employee alleged in an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint that Besh himself “continued to attempt to coerce (her) to submit to his sexual overtures” during their sexual relationship, and that she faced retaliation from other employees when she attempted to end the relationship.

In a statement, Besh said that the relationship was consensual but said “I…sincerely apologize to anyone past and present who has worked for me who found my behavior as unacceptable as I do.” The general counsel for the Besh Restaurant Group said in a statement that “we believe going forward that everyone at our company will be fully aware of the clear procedures that are now in place to safeguard against anyone feeling that his or her concerns will not be heard and addressed free from retaliation.” On Monday, the Advocate reported that Besh stepped down from his company “to provide his full focus on his family.”

8. Lockhart Steele
On Oct. 19, the Awl reported that Steele, the editorial director at Vox Media, had been fired for inappropriate conduct. “Lock admitted engaging in conduct that is inconsistent with our core values and is not tolerated at Vox Media,” a Vox Media spokesperson said in a statement to TIME. “Vox Media is committed to fostering a safe and welcoming community, and appreciates those who have been willing to speak up and share information during the course of this investigation.”

Eden Rohatensky, a former Vox Media employee, wrote a Medium post alleging sexual harassment by a VP at a former company that she worked for. She did not explicitly name Vox Media or Steele in her post. The Awl later reported that Vox Media CEO Jim Bankoff “effectively confirmed that the VP in Eden Rohatensky’s Medium post was about Steele” during a previously scheduled all-hands meeting on Friday. Steele did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment. The Vox Media spokesperson said it could not comment beyond the statement.

7. Robert Scoble
Tech blogger Robert Scoble at the Dublin web summit being held at the RDS in Dublin. Niall Carson—PA Images/Getty Images
Three women said that Scoble, a former Microsoft employee, “tech evangelist” and writer, acted inappropriately with them between 2009 and 2014, according to Business Insider. Journalist Quinn Norton claimed in a blog post published on Thursday that Scoble had groped her and that she had witnessed him groping and kissing a woman who was too drunk to consent. Michelle Greer, who worked with Scoble at Rackspace, told Buzzfeed that Scoble had groped her at a 2010 tech conference. Startup ProDay founder Sarah Kunst claimed on Twitter that Scoble “verbally harassed her.”

Scoble denied the allegations in a post published on his website. He did not immediately respond to TIME‘s request for comment.

6. Chris Savino
Nickelodeon said on Oct. 19 that it had fired Savino, the creator of the network’s animated series The Loud House, after a number of women came forward alleging that he had sexually harassed them. According to the Hollywood Reporter, at least a dozen women said that Savino acted inappropriately with them, including making unwanted advances and threatening women who had ended consensual relationships with him.

In a statement posted on Facebook on Oct. 24, Savino said he was “deeply sorry.” “Although it was never my intention, I now understand that the impact of my actions and communications created an uncomfortable environment,” he wrote. “I have nothing but the deepest respect for the bravery of the women who have spoken out, trying to create an environment in which they can thrive and reach their fullest potential.” His manager did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

5. David Blaine
Magician David Blaine speaks during Genius Gala 6.0 at Liberty Science Center in Jersey City, New Jersey, on May 5, 2017. Dave Kotinsky—Liberty Science Center/Getty Images
In an interview with the Daily Beast, model Natasha Prince claimed that the magician raped her in London in 2004. Scotland Yard said it is now investigating the allegations. “There have been no arrests at this stage and enquiries continue,” the police force said in a statement to the Daily Beast.

Blaine’s spokesperson denied the claim in a statement to the Daily Beast. “My client vehemently denies that he raped or sexually assaulted any woman, ever, and he specifically denies raping a woman in 2004,” the statement said. “If, in fact, there is any police investigation, my client will fully cooperate because he has nothing to hide.” A spokesperson for Blaine did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

4. Bob Weinstein
Executive producer Bob Weinstein attends the MTV and Dimension TV premiere of "Scream" at the Los Angeles Film Festival on June 14, 2015. Alberto E. Rodriguez—WireImage/MTV Communications/Getty Images
Amanda Segel, a former executive producer on The Mist, a TV series produced by the Weinstein Company, told Variety that Weinstein made a number on unwanted advances on her for a period of three months. Segel said that the alleged harassment only stopped after she told Weinstein Company executives that she’d leave the project if Weinstein did not stop his behavior. Spike TV, which aired The Mist, told the Associated Press that it would be investigating Segel’s claims.

Weinstein’s attorney, Bert Fields, denied the claims in a statement to TIME, calling them “demonstrably false and misleading.” Both parties sent emails to TIME showing conversations between the two.

In one, Segel wrote: “I would certainly like to have dinner with you again but only as a non-romantic friendship.” Weinstein responded: “Agreed that romance is something not to pursue, so if u can stand to be around my charming, funny company., I would glad to be around yours.”

In another exchange, Weinstein wrote: “If u would like to get together for dinner before the 8th or 9th, then let me know what works for you. If u can’t, then hopefully, u can make it on that weekend. If u can’t do that, then your fired!!! Oh I forgot, we are supposed to be friends. Ha! Let me know what works. We have lots of laughter ahead of us. That we know for sure.”

Segel’s attorney said in a statement to TIME: “Amanda Segel was the victim of sexual harassment by Bob Weinstein. As she eloquently put it, ‘the word ‘no’ should be enough’ for any woman. Unfortunately, it was not in her case. Ms. Segel should be applauded for coming forward with her truthful allegations. The efforts to deny the harassment are shameful.”

3. Roy Price
Vice President Amazon Studios Roy Price attends "Landline" New York Premiere at The Metrograph in New York City, on July 18, 2017. Paul Zimmerman—WireImage
Price, the head of Amazon Studios and a frequent collaborator with the Weinstein Company, resigned after Isa Dick Hackett, a producer on the Amazon series The Man in the High Castle, told the Hollywood Reporter that he had sexually harassed her in 2015. Hackett, who said she made it clear wasn’t interested, alleges that Price propositioned her and told her “you will love my dick.” Hackett said she reported his behavior to executives and spoke to outside investigators, but wasn’t notified of any outcome. After her allegations became public, Amazon put Price on leave, and soon afterwards he resigned.

Price declined to comment on the allegations to the Hollywood Reporter. Price’s attorney did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

2. Oliver Stone
Oliver Stone gives a speech during the Starmus Festival in Trondheim, Norway, on June 21, 2017. Michael Campanella—WireImage/Getty Images
After the director condemned the allegations against Weinstein, model Carrie Stevens told the New York Daily News that Stone grabbed her breast at a party two decades ago. Academy Award-winning actor Patricia Arquette also wrote on Twitter that she had a “weird” encounter with Stone, where he sent her flowers and asked her why she brought her boyfriend to a movie screening he had invited her to.

THREAD 1/ Years ago Oliver Stone wanted me to do a movie.We talked about the Material which was very sexual.The meeting was professional.

— Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) October 13, 2017
2/ then I received from him long stem jungle roses. It's not uncommon to receive flowers but something about them felt weird. I ignored it

— Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) October 13, 2017
3/Something felt weird so I asked my boyfriend to go with me. The room was packed. Oliver stopped me coming out of the bathroom

— Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) October 13, 2017
4/ He said "Why did you bring him?" I said "Why is it a problem I brought him? It shouldn't be a problem. Think about THAT Oliver."

— Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) October 13, 2017
What I am saying is women are always f-cked. 1)Why didn't you say something? 2) nothing happened! 3)it's not professional if U bring BF!

— Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) October 13, 2017
Stone has not publicly commented on Stevens’ allegations or Arquette’s comments. Stone’s manager did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

1. Ben Affleck
Ben Affleck attends 1st Annual AutFest International Film Festival at AMC Orange 30 on April 23, 2017 in Orange, California. Jerod Harris—Getty Images
After Affleck condemned Weinstein’s alleged behavior in a statement, a social media user noted that “everyone forgot” Affleck touched then-Total Request Live host Hilarie Burton’s breast during a 2003 interview. “I didn’t forget,” Burton responded in a series of tweets. “I was a kid,” she said. She later shared a video that appears to show the incident in question.

https://t.co/wh2MpJVQzl

Girls. I'm so impressed with you brave ones. I had to laugh back then so I wouldn't cry. Sending love.

— Hilarie Burton (@HilarieBurton) October 11, 2017
Affleck apologized to Burton on Twitter: “I acted inappropriately toward Ms. Burton and I sincerely apologize.”

I acted inappropriately toward Ms. Burton and I sincerely apologize

— Ben Affleck (@BenAffleck) October 11, 2017
Makeup artist Annemarie Tendler later claimed on Twitter that Affleck “grabbed my ass” at a 2014 Golden Globes party. “I would also love to get an apology,” she tweeted.

Affleck has not commented on Tendler’s allegations. His spokesperson did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.

With reporting by Lucy Feldman and Melissa Chan

Write to Samantha Cooney at samantha.cooney@time.com.

Sponsored Stories
 Start Your 90 Day Free Trial of Pandora Premium and Listen Ad-Free
Start Your 90 Day Free Trial of Pandora Premium and Listen Ad-Free
Pandora Internet Radio - Listen to Free Music You'll Love
 Achy Joints? Try These Exercises to Find Relief
Achy Joints? Try These Exercises to Find Relief
AARP
 US Obesity Doctor Explains:  The No.1 Worst Carb You're Eating
US Obesity Doctor Explains: The No.1 Worst Carb You're Eating
3 Harmful Foods
Recommended by
You May Like
ENTERTAINMENT
Jeopardy! Host Alex Trebek Credits Support From Fans for 'Near Remission' of Pancreatic Cancer
ENTERTAINMENT
32 Books You Need to Read This Summer
ENTERTAINMENT
At the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Spellers Are Especially Nervous About One Particular Sound
ENTERTAINMENT
Everyone's New Favorite Game of Thrones Obsession Is a Battle-Tested Extra
ENTERTAINMENT
Netflix Becomes the First Major Hollywood Studio to Pledge to Fight Georgia’s Abortion Bill
ENTERTAINMENT
Former Defense Secretary Jim Mattis Has a Book Coming Out This Summer

Add This Widget To Your Site
Read More
ENTERTAINMENT
Review: Always Be My Maybe Is Maybe Almost Good. Is That Good Enough?
ENTERTAINMENT
Lyricist Bernie Taupin on Rocketman's Depiction of His 50-Year Bond With Elton John
ENTERTAINMENT
The True Story Behind the Movie Rocketman
ENTERTAINMENT
Pet Sematary's Breakout Star Leo the Cat Dies
Subscribe & Save
Subscribe today and save up to 84% off the cover price.
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Sign Up for Our Newsletters
Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know now on politics, health and more
SUBSCRIBE
Home
U.S.
Politics
World
Business
Tech
Entertainment
Health
Science
Newsfeed
Living
Ideas
Sports
History
The Goods
The TIME Vault
Magazine
Newsletters
Audio
Subscribe
Give a Gift
TIME for KiDS
TIME Edge
TIME Cover Store
Advertising
Careers
Customer Service
EU Customer Service
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights
Terms of Use
Ad Choices
© 2019 TIME USA, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy (Your California Privacy Rights).
TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. | EU Data Subject Requests
this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility guidelines.

×
Try the NEW Ad-Free Salon! SALON PREMIUM

A.J. Calloway, 2017. (Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
#MeToo and the B-list: "Nobody cares because their assailants were not famous"
UPDATED: Warner Bros. confirms an internal investigation of suspended "Extra" host A.J. Calloway is still underway

 36
 6
 5
MELANIE MCFARLAND
MAY 10, 2019 1:07PM (UTC)
UPDATED: Warner Bros. replied to Salon's request for comment with the following statement on Friday at 10:45 a.m. ET: "The investigation is nearing completion and we expect it to conclude by the end of the month."
Billy Bush is returning to TV, after a two-and-a-half year benching, as the host of a spin-off of the syndicated entertainment newsmagazine show “Extra.”

His new series, called “Extra Extra,” will be Bush’s first post-“Access Hollywood” gig after co-starring in the infamous “grab ‘em by the pussy” recording that went public in the waning days of the 2016 presidential election. Bush’s crime was laughing along with Donald Trump as the “Apprentice” star bragged about groping and kissing women without their consent. At the time, that was enough to cast a well-known TV personality like Bush into a state of disgrace.

But this isn’t a story about Billy Bush. This is about an “Extra” co-host who, unlike Bush, is not a household name: A.J. Calloway.

The bulk of Calloway’s fandom remembers him from “106 & Park,” BET’s live hip-hop and R&B music video countdown show, which Calloway hosted from 2000-05 as one of the originating personalities. As Calloway himself admits, more people recognize him from his work on that show than from “Extra,” the Warner Bros. Television-produced entertainment news show where he has served as New York co-host since 2006.

In January and February of this year, Calloway became the subject of multiple reports — some of which stemmed from formal criminal charges — on allegations that include sexual misconduct and rape, brought against him by several women, starting with writer and domestic violence awareness activist Sil Lai Abrams, who alleges that Calloway sexually assaulted her in 2006.

 
Abrams, who is also currently pursuing a sociology degree as a McBride Scholar at Bryn Mawr College, first attempted to go public with her account in 2017 in a televised interview with NBC host Joy Reid, who submitted a 6,500-word article about Abrams’ story to New York Magazine in November 2017 that was never published. NBC recorded an interview with Abrams in January 2018. It never aired.

Months later, on June 28, 2018, the Hollywood Reporter published a painstakingly reported feature recounting Reid’s reporting efforts and NBC’s decision to pull the story, as well as a full account of Abrams’ allegations. THR also published a first-person column by Abrams about the unique challenges black women face in coming forward with abuse and assault allegations.

The next development came in January 2019, when The Daily Beast published a report featuring the accounts of two more accusers. The Hollywood Reporter then spoke with a total of five women for a story that ran on February 13. Jeannie Delgado, who had previously spoken to The Daily Beast on condition of anonymity, allowed THR to use her name.

Calloway, a public figure with a much lower profile in the industry than that of Bush, was still working in front of the camera on “Extra” until February 9, when Warner Bros. announced his suspension from “Extra,” reportedly with pay. At press time, no resolution to his suspension — either termination or reinstatement — had been made public, despite the extensive reporting on these allegations.

[UPDATE: After publication, Warner Bros. replied to Salon's request for comment with the following statement: "The investigation is nearing completion and we expect it to conclude by the end of the month."]


In the meantime, a renewed obsession with R. Kelly’s multiple accusations of sexual abuse and assault of underage girls, along with allegations of Michael Jackson’s secret history of child molestation — as brought to light in the docu-series “Leaving Neverland” and “Surviving R. Kelly” — have dominated the news cycle. Allegations swirling around producer and singer-songwriter Ryan Adams also gained more attention than Calloway’s suspension.

Abrams told Salon that neither she nor Delgado had been contacted by Warner Bros’ representatives in the months since they came forward. That is, until hours after Salon reached out to Warner Bros on Thursday to ask if they had plans to do so.

At 9:37 p.m. ET on Thursday, Abrams received a message through her website from Daphne Bishop, senior counsel at the California-based law firm Carothers DiSante & Freudenberger LLP, informing her that the company has retained her to conduct a “neutral investigation” of Abrams' complaint.

“I am offended and find it laughable that at the 11th hour I am receiving a note through my website from an attorney asking to speak to me,” she told Salon on Thursday evening.

Waiting for nearly a year for any indication from Warner Bros. about how this matter would be addressed has negatively impacted Abrams’ health. “It's been incredibly stressful. It's been painful. It’s been isolating,” she told Salon in a recent phone interview. “It has been a distraction from the parts of my life that need attention."

“I feel like I'm in a war and I wouldn't wish this on anybody,” she added. “Yet at the same time, I realize the incredible privilege it is to be able to tell my story, and the fact that anyone is listening. Even if they do have a stranglehold on me, there are so many other survivors and victims. But nobody cares because their assailants were not famous.”

As Abrams explained to THR reporter Kim Masters, she had written about Calloway in her 2007 book, “No More Drama,” as one of two alleged sexual assaults she experienced. At the time, she didn’t name either of her alleged attackers, calling them by pseudonyms instead.

But the dam-breaking effect of #MeToo moved Abrams to reveal both. The man she alleges raped her in 1994 — identified in her book as “Ronald,” who was  known for “his hard-partying lifestyle funded by his very successful record label" — she now says is Russell Simmons.

Abrams alleges that Calloway, originally identified as "well-spoken B-list celebrity Ray," is the perpetrator of the second assault described in the book, which she says took place in 2006.

In an excerpt from “No More Drama,” Abrams says she first got to know Calloway — again, identified in her book as “Ray” — after she recruited him to be a celebrity participant in a fundraising event. Following the event she says they established what she understood to be a professional relationship, with him offering to help her with her work to create a non-profit dedicated to mentoring young women.

She says in their phone conversations he would test the boundaries of their relationship by trying to turn the topic to sex, although she would rebuff him. Then the day after Christmas in 2006, she says they met for drinks. When the hour grew late — in the book, Abrams marked the time as around 11:30 p.m. — she says he offered to drive her home. She alleges that during this drive, Calloway exposed himself to her.

“’Do you see what you do to me?’ he asked. Turning my head in his direction I froze in shock at the sight of Ray brandishing his manhood before me,’” she writes of the incident. She goes on to describe rebuffing him, first by rolling her eyes and telling him, “’…I have no interest in seeing that. Why don’t you do us both a favor and put that away?’”

She then says Calloway grabbed her hand and placed it on her lap. She says she refused more forcefully, and when they pulled up to her home, he “forcibly shoved his tongue into my mouth.” She goes on to describe him groping her and attempting to push her head down into his lap, until he finally forced her hand on his penis and stimulated himself until he climaxed. “Our struggle had been going on for close to six minutes and I figured he would leave me alone if I just let him do what I wanted,” she wrote.

Abrams said Calloway called her to apologize afterward, but she filed a criminal complaint at the 78th precinct in Brooklyn approximately two weeks after the assault, in January 2007. Calloway was arrested. He was charged under the sections of New York law related to forcible touching and attempted sexual misconduct offenses, according to copies of four orders of protection still in Abrams’ possession, which Salon has obtained and reviewed.

Abrams says the prosecutor was ready to take the case to court. But it was dismissed on a technicality having nothing to do with evidence approximately 8 to 9 months later.

According to Abrams, Calloway’s lawyer argued that the assistant district attorney handling the case requested too many continuances, violating Calloway’s Sixth Amendment right to a fair and speedy trial.

Because of this, Abrams says, she cannot bring additional criminal charges against him and the case file is sealed.

By the time of THR story’s publication, more than a dozen women in addition to Abrams had already come forward to accuse Simmons of rape and assault. Simmons had already stepped down from the helm of his businesses after screenwriter Jenny Lumet went public with her allegations, published in THR in November 2017 — before Abrams named him — which Lumet did to support model Keri Claussen Khalighi’s account in the L.A. Times.

After Abrams named Simmons and Calloway in 2018, separately each denied her allegations to THR and other outlets reporting on the story.

Abrams doesn’t know if Warner Bros. is aware of Calloway’s arrest; Salon has reached out to them with that question. (Warner Bros. replied to Salon's questions with this statement: "The investigation is nearing completion and we expect it to conclude by the end of the month.") However, she points out that at the time she says Calloway assaulted her, he was an employee of “Extra.”

Abrams told all of this to Masters in the story THR published in June 2018, but that story wasn’t what spurred Warner Bros. to suspend Calloway. Nor did The Daily Beast’s subsequent story in which two more accusers, Delgado and a woman who asked to be identified as “Talia” out of fear of retaliation, also came forward with claims that Calloway assaulted them.

Calloway was benched only after Masters followed up with Warner Bros. to give them a chance to respond to new developments: Delgado — who filed a police complaint on December 24, 2018 for an aggravated sexual assault in 2009 in West Orange, New Jersey, and named Calloway as the perpetrator — went on the record with THR.  (Delgado declined to be interviewed for this story due to the ongoing police investigation into her allegations.)

Another woman who wishes to remain anonymous also went to the police in California, and according to The Hollywood Reporter her case was open and active as of mid-February 2019.

Only then did Warner Bros. act, after months of declining to reply to requests for comment from those outlets and from Abrams herself, deferring to public statements Calloway has made through his lawyer, Lisa E. Davis.

In an official statement released after the news of Calloway’s suspension went public, Davis said, “These allegations are completely false. Mr. Calloway has never sexually assaulted anyone and is devastated that he is being falsely accused of such terrible conduct. Throughout his career, Mr. Calloway has been a tireless advocate for community empowerment and equality and justice for all people regardless of gender, race, sexual orientation or gender expression.”

Salon has reached out to Davis for comment and will update this report accordingly.

Along with Delgado and the woman identified as “Talia” in The Daily Beast’s story, Abrams says she has heard from 12 women who allege that Calloway assaulted them or engaged in sexual misconduct against them, in incidents dating back approximately 15 years. (Abrams stressed to Salon that the women in question shared extremely private information with her, and she has pledged to never reveal their stories or stories unless expressly given permission to do so.)

Calloway has mostly been silent on social media during his suspension, retweeting a few news items on Twitter and promoting a scholarship gala sponsored by his fraternity. But the reports of the allegations surrounding his suspension have led to his fans trolling the women who came forward, posting videos speaking out against them or skewed in support of him, with YouTube commenters branding Calloway as “a victim” of #MeToo.

In much of the reporting surrounding sexual harassment and misconduct, rarely is adequate emphasis placed on how little victims have to gain by going public with their accusations. The risk for women of color is even greater. Only one in 15 black women who are raped reports her assault to authorities. Those who do muster the courage to go to the police are less likely to have their claims of assault believed or adequately investigated.

On top of those damning statistics, when the alleged perpetrator also happens to be a minority, women of color who report often are pilloried by people in their own community — men and women — for betraying their own and giving the justice system ammunition to take down another man of color. This is a frequent refrain in those aforementioned YouTube comments.

But a counter-refrain can also be seen in the comments: support and sympathy for Calloway’s accusers, including from people who say they know other women who claim they were also assaulted by him. Some of those comments appear to have been scrubbed from the stories upon which they originally appeared, although Salon has obtained and reviewed screenshots.

Cleaning up unsubstantiated claims in comments is one thing. But Calloway’s Wikipedia entry was edited by a user on March 28, 2019 to omit the news of his suspension, which raises the question Salon has asked Warner Bros.: Does A.J. Calloway still work at “Extra”?

From an outsider’s perspective, the way Warner Bros. has handled this situation appears to exemplify corporate disregard for women of color who come forward with major accusations against a celebrity. Even more sobering is how the Calloway case shows how the entertainment industry waits for a story like this to wash down the news stream, hoping it will fade from memory if they wait it out.

“Extra” is a syndicated series that is as ubiquitous as it is ephemeral. Mario Lopez, its host, is one of the premiere faces of non-controversial celebrity coverage and the Hollywood-handsome guy who lists the latest pay-per-view options when travelers fire up their televisions in their hotel rooms. Like most syndicated daytime and evening series, its ratings have decreased lately, leading NBC to decline to renew its deal to air the show on its owned and operated stations, where the series has made its home since its 1994 debut.

However, in what is being termed a “rebranding,” the series will now air on Fox Television Stations O&Os, granting it exposure on one of the nation's largest network owned-and-operated broadcast groups.  This includes stations in top markets such as New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Dallas, San Francisco, Washington, D.C. and Houston.

This means “Extra”  now has a chance of getting in front of many more eyeballs. While the big news is Bush coming onboard as the host of the brand’s spinoff, the main “Extra” syndicated program hosted by Lopez, according to reports, will continue running throughout the season.

With all that in play, it does raise the question of whether the brand wants to have two personalities associated with sexual misconduct, directly or indirectly,  in front of its cameras.

Of course, there are many differences between Bush and Calloway. As mentioned at the top of this story, Bush was much more well-known — aside from his TV career, he’s the nephew of former President George H.W. Bush and the cousin of former President George W. Bush — before the infamous tape leak, and he was fired because he giggled and abetted Trump’s misogynistic statements about women, including his female co-workers. No criminal charges can be filed against him for that.

Whereas Calloway now has three alleged incidents of sexual violence reported to police by three different women associated with him.  To review: in addition to Abrams’ 2007 criminal complaint filed in New York, and Delgado’s complaint for aggravated sexual assault filed in New Jersey in December 2018, a woman who wishes to remain anonymous woman went to police in California, according to The Hollywood Reporter.

In many respects, fame insulates powerful men. The higher his profile, the harder it is to get the institutions and corporations that benefit from his work to take women’s claims seriously. This was true for years, as the groundbreaking #MeToo reporting by the New York Times and the New Yorker laid bare. Now, though, the opposite seems to be happening.

Here’s an interesting note about Calloway’s suspension: it went into effect before the sex scandal leading to the recent ouster of former Warner Bros. chairman and CEO Kevin Tsujihara, involving Tsujihara’s inappropriate relationship with actor Charlotte Kirk.

There are many differences at play here. The relationship between Tsujihara and Kirk was consensual, but deemed inappropriate; the allegations Calloway faces involve forcible rape and sexual assault. Tsujihura was the head of one of the entertainment industry’s most powerful entities, while Calloway is a red carpet correspondent for a frothy syndicated entertainment series.

While Warner moved to resolve the Tsujihara scandal quickly, Calloway’s biography and headshot remained live on the official website for “Extra” as of this week. Calloway is not on the air right now, but from all appearances he has remained a part of the show’s front-facing brand during his suspension.

In the age of readily-available digital metrics, where media outlets can see in real time how many of their readers are interested in any given story and can assign follow-up reporting accordingly, Calloway’s B-list status — he's more recognizable as the guy on the red carpet asking the questions — effectively shields him from the brightest glare of media scrutiny. Compare how relatively under-the-radar these allegations have flown to the response to stories that surfaced in December 2018 of Neil deGrasse Tyson, accused of inappropriately behavior with two women, including a former assistant on “Cosmos,” in an article published by the website Patheos. The article also cites an earlier accusation of rape dating back to 1984, leveled by a fellow graduate student at the University of Texas at Austin, Tchiya Amet El Maat.

Tyson responded to each accusation by going public with his version of events in a Facebook post. “For a variety of reasons, most justified, some unjustified, men accused of sexual impropriety in today’s “me-too” climate are presumed to be guilty by the court of public opinion,” he writes, going on to add, “In any claim, evidence matters. Evidence always matters. But what happens when it’s just one person’s word against another’s, and the stories don’t agree?” According to reports, Fox sent investigators to interview each accuser and in March, announced that it completed its investigation and planned to move forward with his programs “Star Talk” and “Cosmos.”

Following the January and February reporting of allegations of Calloway’s sexual misconduct, there hasn’t been any media follow-up. Warner Bros. hasn’t released any information about Calloway’s suspension or any investigation. [Update: Warner Bros. replied to Salon's questions Friday with this statement: "The investigation is nearing completion and we expect it to conclude by the end of the month."]

Partly this must be the assumption at work that once a lesser-known on-camera or behind-the-scenes personality is officially suspended on suspicion of sexual misconduct, he isn’t coming back to the job.

But as incidents at other companies have shown, that’s not always the case. While admittedly this is not an apples-to-apples comparison, CBS kept a powerful producer on “NCIS: New Orleans” in its employ after a damning story about two sexual harassment HR investigations went public. And even after removing him from his day-to-day managerial duties — which only happened after several reporters followed up — the company still renewed his contract until, at last, firing him when coverage would not let up. Ironically, this foot-dragging may have been less likely had he been a performer on his show instead of the boss, because then the viewing public might demand accountability. His show might be a household name, but his own isn’t.

Calloway does not have the expansive profile of his colleagues Lopez or Bush, which would seem to make it easier for the company to be upfront about any action it may or may not have taken. And yet the opposite seems to be playing out.

Additionally, some elements of the timing vis a vis the company’s boilerplate responses to reporters about its handling of Calloway’s case don’t neatly line up.

Abrams has been contending with the effects of going public with her recollection of Calloway’s alleged assault since she first took the story to Reid and NBC in November of 2017. But Abrams says the network slow-walked its fact-checking process. NBC subsequently explained that Abrams insisted on naming both Simmons and Calloway in her account, and its fact-checkers could not verify certain aspects of allegations made against one of them; it did not specify which.

But following the June 2018 story in THR, Abrams emailed Warner Bros. spokesman Blake Bryant on July 23, 2018, to inquire about whether the company intended to take any action on Calloway. She did not receive a reply.  Warner Bros. maintains Bryant never received the email, which Salon has reviewed, but The Hollywood Reporter previously confirmed that the email was, indeed, sent to him.

“Something is very wrong in the manner in which this entire situation has been handled and with Warner Media’s own words, their various statements, as issued,” Abrams said. “And what they don't say during this whole process, I think, is very damning. They had at least four or five opportunities to say that they were doing an investigation or they had done one. And they never revealed that.”

She continued, “They could have easily said they had done an investigation and found that, say, ‘Ms. Abrams allegations were not credible.’ To me, I’m sitting here like, OK, you as a corporation have a responsibility to take a position that sexual assault is a matter that they are concerned about.’ And they failed.

But does a corporation have such a responsibility?

Mariann Meier Wang, a New York-based trial lawyer who focuses on both civil rights and commercial litigation, said the answer isn’t necessarily black and white. “I don't know that they necessarily have to do anything,” she said.

Wang has no connection Warner Bros. or any direct knowledge of Calloway’s case, but agreed to speak with Salon as a specialist in this area. Currently she’s representing Summer Zervos, a former contestant on “The Apprentice,” in a defamation suit against Trump regarding his public statements that she fabricated claims that he touched her inappropriately.

“The law is a relatively conservative mechanism, and in many ways is not very well built for these types of abuses.  Even when you have workplace abuse, it’s not the best. Even in the context of actual workplace discrimination and assaults, I've represented people over years and years and it's a very tough and hard road, and often a lonely one, to be a plaintiff in those cases,” she said.

And this is where all the celebrated gains of the #MeToo movement fall short. If the legal system fails people who come forward, imagine the frustrations and obstacles one victim, or a few handfuls, crash against when they come up against a corporation or an industry system. When that silence is abetted by a muted public reaction — not because the accused is too big to be taken down, but paradoxically because he is not big enough to generate an undeniable groundswell of indignation — it raises the question of how much of a “reckoning” our culture is truly having with sexual abuse and harassment. If the accused has to be a red carpet regular on the right side of the mic for corporate bosses to feel like they have an obligation to treat complaints against their employees seriously, how much progress has actually been made?

Warner Bros. did not give any comment to The Daily Beast’s Amy Zimmerman for her January 2019 story about Calloway, referring her instead to Calloway’s attorney Davis. Later, however, Warner provided this comment to Deadline, which followed up the original report, via a spokesperson.

“We take allegations made against our employees seriously and investigate appropriately. To date, we have not received a complaint about A.J. Calloway and his work on ‘Extra,’” adding that Warner had no plans at that time to investigate the host.

Oddly, a little more than a month later, Warner Bros. provided this statement to THR: "Upon becoming aware of allegations of sexual misconduct against AJ Calloway, we began an internal review to determine whether there had been any misconduct by Mr. Calloway on Extra and whether any employee of the show had been the victim of any such misconduct. To date, we have found nothing to suggest that Mr. Calloway has ever engaged in workplace misconduct."

The statement continued, "In light of additional allegations brought to our attention, we are expanding our ongoing inquiries, and Mr. Calloway has been suspended pending further review. We take such allegations very seriously and are committed to doing everything we can to ensure a safe and inclusive workplace for all of our employees."

A Vanity Fair chase of that story quotes an unnamed source stating that Warner’s investigation began in June 2018.

It’s important to note in Warner’s statement the language about workplace misconduct — specifically that its inquiry involved the question of whether any employee of the show had been the victim of any such misconduct. So what does this mean for women who aren’t employees of “Extra” or Warner Bros. who are accusing him of sexual misconduct?

“Obviously as a matter of morality, as a matter of perhaps understanding what this person might be doing in the workplace, when, or if he has any power over others, it might impact how you look at the person,” Wang said.  “But as a matter of law, I don't know that they do have an obligation to do anything.”

However, Wang goes on to say “what has been happening, which I'm very thankful for, is that I think there's a wider cultural shift about what's morally acceptable and what is socially acceptable as to whether or not a person should be the face of a company, or whether that person should be representing that company, if he has been credibly accused of other kinds of abuse or assault. And that is what has put pressure on companies to take some action.”

Barring reliance on such good will, Wang explained that the only other factor that might be taken into account is a possible morals clause in an actor’s contract. (Though Salon spoke with multiple industry sources on background, we could not confirm if Calloway has a contract or any stipulations contained within it.)

“That is how you create a legal basis so that a company can impose other standards on an employee that otherwise statutes or common law does not impose,” Wang explained. “. . . a company and an employee can agree that no matter what the law provides, whatever the statutes say, we agree that our relationship is going to be governed by certain reasonable behavior.”

However, she added, “those provisions are very narrowly worded, and sometimes for good reason . . . I mean, I've seen all different types of things. But I've seen sometimes, you know,  that you have to be accused of something particular, like a felony. They will actually have a list of things that are considered to be a violation of that clause.”

All Abrams and the other women who have come forward can do is wait to see what Warner Bros. does with the investigation they have finally contacted Abrams about.

“The fact that they said nothing at all is worse than saying my allegations were not credible,”  Abrams said before Warner Bros.’ attorney reached out to her. “The seven other women I alerted them about in July were not enough, and that is a travesty. How many women have to come forward before they actually do something?”

“On one hand, it’s horrifyingly painful,” she added. “On the other hand, it would be worse to be silent and for nobody to care. And my hope is that by attempting to hold this media corporation accountable, that just maybe some type of change can occur in which the most vulnerable of us are taken seriously.”


MELANIE MCFARLAND
Melanie McFarland is Salon's TV critic. Follow her on Twitter: @McTelevision

MORE FROM MELANIE MCFARLAND • FOLLOW MCTELEVISION
Related Topics ------------------------------------------
A.j. Calloway All Salon Billy Bush Culture Editor's Picks Extra #metoo Sil Lai Abrams Warner Bros.
Related
Image
It took us 10 years to leave Neverland
Image
What Joan of Arc knew about #MeToo
Image
#MeToo is not unprecedented
Image
Women's soccer's game-changing lawsuit
Editor's Picks
Image
"Game of Thrones" end was nearly perfect
Image
George Harrison's stunning 1979 comeback
Image
Andrés on Impossible Burgers: No problem
Image
On allies, angels and Stonewall at 50
Trending
Image
Trump resorts rejected U.S. workers
Image
Deutsche Bank hands over Trump records
Image
Arya Stark is an adult now — get over it
Image
Law demands Trump to turn over his taxes
BROWSE SALON.COM 
COMPLETELY AD FREE,
FOR THE NEXT HOUR
Read Now, Pay Later - no upfront
registration for 1-Hour Access

7-Day Access and Monthly
Subscriptions also available
No tracking or personal data collection
beyond name and email address

•••


Popular In the Community
WHY ARE THE DEMOCRATS SO RELUCTANT TO IMPEACH TRUMP? THERE'S A THEORY ABOUT THAT
B Canseco
2h
Unfortunately we won't have much longer to hang out here to troll the Libs.This fine Lefty publication is going the way of Air America and Current TV with a $5M fire sale. You have to Google it, they won't let me post a link.
MUELLER BEARS WITNESS: HIS DISPUTE WITH BARR IS A TURNING POINT ON THE ROAD TO IMPEACHMENT
sincerely yours
7h
The Democrats will not win the elections because of impeachment. They will not lose it because of not impeaching. The moral stature or otherwise is a subjective and arbitrary one anyway - in politics. I am with Nancy all the way.
I WISH HE NEVER SAW HOW MUCH I MADE: WARNING SIGNS OF ECONOMIC AND EMOTIONAL ABUSE
Al
1d
Too many women accept misogyny in their partners as par for the course. That has to change if toxic masculinity is to ever be eradicated.
AOC AND TED CRUZ AGREE — ON TWITTER! — TO SPONSOR BIPARTISAN BILL ON LOBBYING
Tom
1h
Hmm...well.... I guess that just happened.Two polar opposites on the ideological spectrum just agreed to work against a common enemy at both ends of the political horseshoe... on twitter. Good! Any kind of bi-partisan co-operation to clean up the legislative system is welcome and I don't care if it is done over twitter or smoke signals or interpretive dance.
ROCKETMAN WON'T GO BREAKIN' YOUR HEART — BUT MAYBE IT SHOULD'VE TRIED
Coffee Party
45m
Elton John is a musical genius in the same category as Stevie Wonder and Lennon/McCartney.Naturally their are others.Never cared for his showmanship with his crazy costumes.
CLARENCE THOMAS MAKES IT CLEAR: THE RIGHT IS COMING FOR BIRTH CONTROL NEXT
Deal with it
2d
Poor Amanda. Sounds like she needs a safe space. Facts are stubborn things, you know.
JULIAN ASSANGE SHOWS SYMPTOMS OF PSYCHOLOGICAL TORTURE, ACCORDING TO UNITED NATIONS EXPERTS
WJ
2h
The American people, and people around the world, are showing signs of psychological torture thanks to Julian Assange helping Donald Trump and the right wing zealots seize power. I won't lose any sleep over him.
NANCY PELOSI WARNS TRUMP THAT IMPEACHMENT IS INEVITABLE: HE KNOWS WHAT HIS VIOLATIONS HAVE BEEN
Trumpanzee
6h
It already is ironclad, you useless, dithering, fossil. Do your job. Do the right thing. Make the GOP controlled senate own Trump and his lawlessness. Republicans win because they stand for something. That thing is gross, dangerous, anti democratic and stupid, but it wins them elections. What do you stand for, Democrats?
HOW MEXICO TRIED TO SAVE FREUD FROM THE NAZIS
RICK
22h
By that time , Freud's jaw and mouth were eaten away by cancer , the Nazis would have been doing him a favor.
SCHOLARS RIP APART CLARENCE THOMAS’ NEW ANTI-ABORTION SCREED: A GROSS MISUSE OF HISTORICAL FACTS
Fishercutbait
5h
Take your own advice - take your fingers out of your ears and stop screaming deflecting nonsense.
WHEN THEY SEE US DEMANDS WE SEE THE BOYS DAMAGED BY THE CENTRAL PARK JOGGER CASE
Richard Cabesa
1d
They did the crimes. This is revisionist.
ALABAMA ATROCITY: INFAMOUS NEW LAW EQUATES ABORTION WITH CRIMES OF HITLER AND STALIN
Mr Speaker
9h
LOL..... these Christians who worship a god who murdered every living thing on the planet except good fish, 2 of every species and an incestuous family want you to believe it cares about the unborn.Evangelicals never cease to try to get in your pants.
GOP OPERATIVE PUSHED CENSUS QUESTION ON TRUMP: IT WOULD HELP WHITES, HURT DEMOCRATS
todji
9h
Republicans are disgusting human beings.
ERIC HOLDER SAYS THE SYSTEM USED FOR ELECTING GOVERNORS IN MISSISSIPPI HAS ITS BASIS IN RACISM
The Dude
3h
Wow, didn't read it but still commented. You are one stupid MFer.
CITING HIS SERIOUS MENTAL ILLNESS, MULTIPLE PSYCHIATRISTS CALL FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP TO BE IMPEACHED
Max Humana
6h
The challenge we face is that today’s republicans are primarily themselves unfit for public office so the unparalleled deviance and psychopathy at the top actually gets them off. American Nazis are all around us.
FEARLESS JOURNALISM
IN YOUR INBOX EVERY DAY
SIGN UP FOR OUR FREE NEWSLETTER

EMAIL ADDRESS
 
• • •

      
Home About Advertising Contact Corrections Help Investor Relations Privacy Terms of Service
Copyright © 2018 Salon Media Group, Inc. Reproduction of material from any Salon pages without written permission is strictly prohibited. SALON ® is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as a trademark of Salon Media Group Inc. Associated Press articles: Copyright © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.


 Page protected with pending changes
Me Too movement
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Jump to navigationJump to search
"MeToo" redirects here. For other uses, see Me Too (disambiguation).
Not to be confused with MeTwo movement.
#MeToo does not redirect here due to technical restrictions.

This article's lead section may not adequately summarize its contents. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. To comply with Wikipedia's lead section guidelines, please consider modifying the lead to provide an accessible overview of the article's key points in such a way that it can stand on its own as a concise version of the article. (April 2019)
The Me Too movement (or #MeToo movement), with a large variety of local and international alternative names, is a movement against sexual harassment and sexual assault.[1][2][3] The movement began to spread virally in October 2017 as a hashtag on social media in an attempt to demonstrate the widespread prevalence of sexual assault and harassment, especially in the workplace.[4][5][6] It followed sexual-abuse allegations against Harvey Weinstein.[7][8] Tarana Burke, an American social activist and community organizer, began using the phrase "Me Too" as early as 2006, and the phrase was later popularized by American actress Alyssa Milano, on Twitter in 2017. Milano encouraged victims of sexual harassment to tweet about it and "give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem".[9][10] A number of high-profile posts and responses from American celebrities Gwyneth Paltrow,[11] Ashley Judd,[12] Jennifer Lawrence,[13] and Uma Thurman, among others, soon followed.[14]


Contents
1	Origins
1.1	2006 (Tarana Burke)
1.2	2016: Russia and Ukraine
1.3	2017 (Alyssa Milano)
2	Impact
2.1	US media and fashion industries
2.2	Churches
2.3	Education
2.4	Finance
2.5	Politics and government
2.5.1	ME TOO bill in the US Congress
2.6	Sports
2.7	Medicine
2.8	Music
2.9	Social Justice and Journalism
2.10	Military
2.11	Pornography
2.12	Astronomy
3	Purpose
3.1	Awareness and empathy
3.2	Policies and laws
3.3	Media coverage
3.4	Issues with social norms
3.5	Reform and implementation
3.6	Role of men
4	#HimToo
5	Criticism
5.1	Undefined purpose
5.2	Overcorrection
5.3	Possible trauma to victims
5.4	Exclusion of sex workers
5.5	False accusations
5.6	Not addressing police misconduct
5.7	Lack of representation of minority women
5.8	Overemphasis on specific cases
5.9	Disregard for incarcerated women
6	Financial support
7	International response
7.1	List of local alternative hashtags
7.2	Afghanistan
7.3	Australia
7.4	Belgium
7.5	Canada
7.6	Chile
7.7	China
7.8	Ethiopia
7.9	France
7.10	Germany
7.11	Iran
7.12	India
7.13	Israel
7.14	Palestine
7.15	Italy
7.16	Japan
7.17	Kenya
7.18	Nepal
7.19	Nigeria
7.19.1	Culture
7.19.2	Role of power and privilege
7.19.3	Brenda Uphopho case
7.20	Norway
7.21	Pakistan
7.21.1	Zainab rape-murder case
7.21.2	Film industry
7.21.3	Stand-up comedy
7.21.4	Charity sector
7.22	Philippines
7.23	South Korea
7.24	Spain
7.25	Sweden
7.26	United Kingdom
8	See also
9	References
10	External links
Origins
2006 (Tarana Burke)
Tarana Burke, a social activist and community organizer, began using the phrase "Me Too" in 2006, on the Myspace social network[15] as part of a campaign to promote "empowerment through empathy" among women of color who have experienced sexual abuse, particularly within underprivileged communities.[10][16][17] Burke, who is creating a documentary titled Me Too, has said she was inspired to use the phrase after being unable to respond to a 13-year-old girl who confided to her that she had been sexually assaulted. Burke said she later wished she had simply told the girl, "Me too".[15]

2016: Russia and Ukraine
In July 2016, a social media post by Ukrainian journalist Anastasia Melnichenko went viral. Thousands of women, and some men, in Russia and Ukraine began posting their personal stories of sexual harassment and assault on social media using the hashtag #IAmNotAfraidToSpeak (‪#‎яНеБоюсьСказати‬ in Ukrainian; #‎яНеБоюсьСказать in Russian).[18][19][20][21]

2017 (Alyssa Milano)
Following widespread exposure of accusations of predatory behavior by Harvey Weinstein, and her own blog post on the subject, on October 15, 2017, actress Alyssa Milano encouraged spreading the hashtag #MeToo, to attempt to draw attention to sexual assault and harassment.[10][22] Milano later acknowledged earlier use of the phrase by Burke.[15] Milano credits her identification with the Me Too movement to being personally affected by sexual harassment during a concert when she was 19.[23]


Alyssa Milano encouraged use of the hashtag after accusations against Harvey Weinstein surfaced in 2017.
Several hashtags related to sharing stories of workplace sexual harassment were in use before #MeToo, including #MyHarveyWeinstein, #YouOkSis, #WhatWereYouWearing and #SurvivorPrivilege.[24][25][26]

Impact
US media and fashion industries
See also: Weinstein effect and Sexual abuse in Hollywood
The phrase "Me too" was tweeted by Milano around noon on October 15, 2017, and had been used more than 200,000 times by the end of the day,[27] and tweeted more than 500,000 times by October 16.[28] On Facebook, the hashtag was used by more than 4.7 million people in 12 million posts during the first 24 hours.[29] The platform reported that 45% of users in the United States had a friend who had posted using the term.[30]

Tens of thousands of people, including hundreds of celebrities, replied with #MeToo stories.[31] Some men, such as actors Terry Crews[32] and James Van Der Beek,[33] have responded to the hashtag with their own experiences of harassment and abuse, while others have responded by acknowledging past behaviors against women, spawning the hashtag #HowIWillChange.[34]

In addition to Hollywood, "Me Too" declarations elicited discussion of sexual harassment and abuse in the music industry,[35] sciences,[36] academia,[37] and politics.[38]

Feminist author Gloria Feldt stated in Time that many employers are being forced to make changes in response to #MeToo, for example examining gender-based pay differences and improving sexual harassment policies.[39] Others have noted there has been pressure on companies, specifically in the financial industry, to disclose diversity statistics.[40]

In January 2019, actress Emma Thompson pulled out of the production "Luck" based on the production company's decision to hire John Lasseter. Thompson wrote a letter in February 2019 to the American production company Skydance, to explain her reasons for leaving "Luck". Among others, Thompson stated: "If a man has been touching women inappropriately for decades, why would a woman want to work for him if the only reason he’s not touching them inappropriately now is that it says in his contract that he must behave “professionally”?.[41]

Churches
In November 2017, the hashtag #ChurchToo was started by Emily Joy and Hannah Paasch on Twitter and began trending in response to #MeToo as a way to try to highlight and stop sexual abuse that happens in a church.[42][43] In early January 2018, about a hundred evangelical women also launched #SilenceIsNotSpiritual to call for changes to how sexual misconduct is dealt within the church.[44][45] #ChurchToo started spreading again virally later in January 2018 in response to a live-streamed video admission by Pastor Andy Savage to his church that he sexually assaulted a 17-year-old girl twenty years before as a youth pastor while driving her home, but then received applause by his church for admitting to the incident and asking for forgiveness. Pastor Andy Savage then resigned from his staff position at Highpoint Church and stepped away from ministry.[46][47][48] Many have argued that one of the biggest crises in the history of the Catholic Church is the current child sexual abuse that is being reported, according to Tom Inglis in his book Are the Irish Different?.[49]

Education
See also: Francisco J. Ayala § Sexual harassment investigation and resignation; and University of California, Irvine § Internal and political controversies
The University of California has been no stranger to sexual harassment, with substantial accusations reported yearly in the hundreds at all nine UC campuses, notably UC Berkeley, Davis, Irvine, Los Angeles, and San Diego.[50] However, a landmark event at the University of California, Irvine spearheaded the removal and reprimand of several campus officials and professors accused of sexual harassment and discrimination. In early July 2018, UC Irvine removed millionaire benefactor Francisco J. Ayala's name from its biology school, central science library, graduate fellowships, scholar programs, and endowed chairs after an internal investigation substantiated a number of sexual harassment claims. The results from the investigation were compiled in a 97-page report, which included testimony from victims enduring Ayala's harassment for 15 years.[51][52][53][54][55][56][57] His removal promptly sparked the removal of Professor Ron Carlson in August 2018, who had led the creative writing program at UC Irvine. He resigned after substantiated reports of sexual misconduct with an underage student were unearthed.[58] UC Irvine upon learning about the report accepted Professor Carlson's immediate resignation.[59] Additionally, four additional professors in the School of Biological Sciences at UC Irvine between June and August 2018 were put under sanctions or terminated for violating the UC Policy on Sexual Harassment including Thomas A. Parham, former vice chancellor at UC Irvine and former president of the Association of Black Psychologists.[60]

To address harassment within scientific settings, BethAnn McLaughlin started the #MeTooSTEM movement and hashtag.[61] She called for the National Institutes of Health to cut funding to anyone who has been found guilty of harassment charges.[61][62] McLaughlin shared the MIT Media Lab Disobedience Award with Tarana Burke and Sherry Marts for her work on Me Too in STEM.[63][64]

There are still many places of education such as high schools, however, where legal intervention is not readily enforced for situations where sexual assault takes place. Pamela Y. Price in her book Directions in Sexual Harassment Law describes how "a major argument for why [laws against] sexual harassment won't work in education is that issues of sexuality can't be regulated (similar to the debate in employment) or that adolescent behavior is too unpredictable to be legally controlled" (Price 62).[65]

Finance
It has been noted that, although the financial industry is known to have a wide prevalence of sexual harassment,[66] as of January 2018, there were no high-profile financial executives stepping down as the result of #MeToo allegations.[67] The first widely covered example of concrete consequences in finance was when two reporters, including Madison Marriage of the Financial Times, went undercover at a men-only Presidents Club event meant to raise money for children. Because women were not allowed to attend except as "hostesses" in tight, short black dresses with black underwear, Financial Times reporter Madison Marriage and another reporter got jobs as hostesses and documented widespread sexual misconduct. As a result, The Presidents Club was shut down.[67]

In March 2018, Morgan Stanley broker Douglas E. Greenberg was put on administrative leave after a New York Times story outlined harassment allegations by four women, including multiple arrests for the violation of restraining orders, and a threat to burn down an ex-girlfriend's house. It has been called the #MeToo moment of Portland's financial service industry.[68]

It has been noted in discussion of #MeToo in finance that only about a quarter of top positions are held by women at several major banks, and there is evidence there may be wide disparities in some financial institutions between how much men and women are paid on average.[40]

The authors of a December 2018 Bloomberg News article on this topic interviewed more than thirty senior Wall Street executives and found that many are now more cautious about mentoring up and coming female executives because of the perceived risks involved. One said, "If men avoid working or traveling with women alone, or stop mentoring women for fear of being accused of sexual harassment, those men are going to back out of a sexual harassment complaint and right into a sex discrimination complaint."[69]

Politics and government
Statehouses in California, Illinois, Oregon, and Rhode Island responded to allegations of sexual harassment surfaced by the campaign,[70] and several women in politics spoke out about their experiences of sexual harassment, including United States Senators Heidi Heitkamp, Mazie Hirono, Claire McCaskill and Elizabeth Warren.[38] Congresswoman Jackie Speier has introduced a bill aimed at making sexual harassment complaints easier to report on Capitol Hill.[71] The accusations in the world of Spanish politics have also been published in the media,[72] and a series of allegations and research on MPs and political figures of (all major British political parties) regarding sexual impropriety became a nationwide scandal in 2017; this research was undertaken in the aftermath of the Weinstein scandal and the Me Too movement.[73][74][75]

Detective Leslie Branch-Wise of the Denver Police Department spoke publicly for the first time in 2018 about experiencing sexual harassment by Denver Mayor Michael B. Hancock. The detective provided sexually suggestive text messages from Hancock sent to her while working for Hancock's security detail in 2012. After six years of keeping the secret, Detective Branch-Wise credited the Me Too movement as an inspiration to share her experience.[76]

Congressman John Conyers was the first sitting United States politician brought down in the wake of #metoo.[77][78][79]

ME TOO bill in the US Congress
Jackie Speier proposed the Member and Employee Training and Oversight on Congress Act (ME TOO Congress Act) on November 15, 2017.[80] The full language of the bipartisan bill was revealed by the House on January 18, 2018 as an amendment to the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995.[81] The purpose of the bill is to change how the legislative branch of the U.S. federal government treats sexual harassment complaints. Under the old system, complaints regarding the legislative branch were channeled through the Office of Compliance, which required complete confidentially through the process and took months of counseling and mediation before a complaint could actually be filed. Any settlement payments were paid using federal taxes, and it was reported that within a decade, $15 million of tax money had been spent settling harassment and discrimination complaints. The bill would ensure future complaints could only take up to 180 days to be filed. The bill would also allow the staffers to transfer to a different department or otherwise work away from the presence of the alleged harasser without losing their jobs if they requested it. The bill would require Representatives and Senators to pay for their own harassment settlements. The Office of Compliance would no longer be allowed to keep settlements secret, and would be required to publicly publish the settlement amounts and the associated employing offices. For the first time, the same protections would also apply to unpaid workers, including pages, fellows and interns.[82][83][84]

Sports
Soon after #MeToo started spreading in late 2017, several allegations from a 2016 Indianapolis Star article resurfaced in the gymnastic industry against former U.S. Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar of Michigan State University. Nassar was called out via #MeToo for sexually assaulting gymnasts as young as 6 years old during "treatments".[85] Rachael Denhollander was the first to call him out.[86] Though nothing was done after the initial allegations came out in 2016, after more than 150 women came forward, Nassar was effectively sentenced to life in prison. The president of Michigan State University, Lou Anna Simon, resigned in the wake of the scandal.[85]

At around the same time, WNBA star Breanna Stewart publicly revealed that she had been a victim of child sexual abuse from age 9 to 11.[87]

In late November 2017, Lui Lai Yiu, a hurdler from Hong Kong, recounted in a Facebook post instances of having been sexually assaulted by her male coach when she was 14, sparking off mass controversy in Hong Kong.[88] Her coach was arrested in late January 2018,[89] but acquitted in mid-November 2018.[90]

In 1996, while attending the University of Tennessee, former American football player Peyton Manning was accused of sexual assault by trainer Jamie Ann Naughright after he pressed his genitals against Naughright's face during a foot examination. Manning claims that he was just pulling a prank by "mooning" another athlete in the room as Naughright bent over to examine him. Both Naughright and the other athlete deny Manning's story. Naughright settled with the university for $300,000 for its alleged failure in four incidents, and resigned from the school. She had initially made a list of 33 complaints about the school.[91] Naughright filed a defamation lawsuit against Peyton Manning and three other parties in 2002. Manning defamed her in a book he wrote with his father and author John Underwood. The lawsuit was settled after the court ruled there was sufficient evidence for it to be heard by a jury. Terms of the settlement were not disclosed due to confidentiality terms.[92][93]

Medicine
MeToo has encouraged discussion about sexual harassment in the medical field.[94][95][96] Research had indicated that among U.S. academic medical faculty members, about 30% of women and 4% of men have reported experiencing sexual harassment, and it has been noted that medical staff who complain often receive negative consequences to their careers.[97][96] Other evidence has indicated 60% of medical trainees and students experienced harassment or discrimination during training, though most do not report the incidents.[94]

Music
Acap.svg
This section may require copy editing. (May 2019) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
In 2017, before the Me Too Movement, Jessie Reyez released a song called “Gatekeeper,” recounting her real-life experience of sexual harassment by a famous producer. This song has inspired many female artists in the music industry to speak up against sexual harassment, contributing to the start of the Me Too movement.[98] "Gatekeeper" depicts a dialogue of a man abusing his power on a young woman working hard in the music industry, reacting Jessie Reyez's harassing incident in her early career.[99]

Actress Alyssa Milano was personally affected by sexual harassment when she was young during a concert. Ever since this experience, Alyssa has become a spokesperson of bringing awareness towards the MeToo movement.[100] In 2017, the actress had also contributed by starting a twitter thread that stated "If any women who have been sexually harassed..wrote 'Me Too.' as a status, we might give people a sense of magnitude of the problem." This twitter thread instantly went viral, with multiple people around the world sharing their stories and retweeting along with musicians such as Sheryl Crow, Lady Gaga, who contributed their own personal experiences. By creating a twitter thread that allowed victims of sexual harassment share their stories, people are able to recognize that this issue should not be taken lightly.[101]

Jasmine Power along with Amanda Palmer have composed the song "Mr.Weinstein Will See You Now". "With this song, Power and Palmer both hope that this personal topic will bring awareness towards MeToo. Listeners are able to connect with this song on a personal level through the power of the lyrics as well as the musician's powerful emotions. " that walks listeners through a story of a woman being "invited to the office of a man in power." The musicians were inspired by the scandal that happened in 2017 where Harvey Wienstein was reported for sexual assault. The music video included a all woman cast, and revenue made from the music video was donated to #TimesUp, a movement against sexual harassment.[102] With this song, Power and Palmer both hope that this personal topic will bring awareness towards MeToo. Listeners are able to connect with this song on a personal level through the power of the lyrics as well as the musician's powerful emotions. [103]

In the music industry, the band Veruca Salt used the #MeToo hashtag to air allegations of sexual harassment against James Toback,[104] and Alice Glass used the hashtag to share a history of alleged sexual assault and other abuses by former Crystal Castles bandmate Ethan Kath.[105][106]

Halsey's poem "A Story Like Mine," in which she told personal stories of sexual assault and violence throughout her life included accompanying her best friend to Planned Parenthood after she had been raped, her personal account of sexual assault by neighbors and boyfriends, and women sexually assaulted by Olympic doctor Larry Nassar.[107][108]

In November 2018, Cleveland, Ohio radio station WDOK Star 102 announced that it had removed the song Baby, It's Cold Outside from its playlist due to its lyric content, based on listener input, "amid the #MeToo movement."[109]

Removal of Music

After gaining momentum in these various songs and tweets made by celebrities, the Me Too movement has gained recognition in radio stations ad streaming services. Like an Ohio radio station's removal of the song "Baby it's Cold Outside", a song alleged to be in support of sexual abuse, other streaming services have started to remove music created by alleged or convicted sexual abusers, such a Spotify's temporary ban on music by XXXTentacion and R. Kelly. Though Spotify did reverse this ban in June, the #MuteRKelly movement was already established with the intent of boycotting R. Kelly's music, so the ban actually did have an impact and helped raise awareness about alleged sexual abusers and the MeToo Movement.[98]

Ongoing Allegations Against Figures in the Music Industry

Early January 2019, the Lifetime documentary Surviving R. Kelly aired, broadcasting several women's accusations of sexual, emotional, mental, and physical abuse by singer R. Kelly. The documentary increased awareness of predatory figures in the music industry and questioned the leniency given to prominent musicians and producers.[110] In February 2019, Kelly was arrested for 10 counts of sexual abuse with 4 women, 3 of which were minors at the time of the incidents.[111] His former wife Andrea Kelly has also accused him of domestic violence and filed a restraining order against him in 2005.[112]

In the lawsuit of Kesha v. Dr. Luke, Kesha accused Dr. Luke for sexually, physically, and emotionally abuse her since the beginning of her music career. Although the allegations were denied, many Kesha’s supporters and fellow artists demanded her release from the contract on social media, leading to the #FreeKesha movement. At the 2018 Grammys, Kesha performed her song “Praying” to encourage sexual assault survivors that the world can improve, responding to the Me Too Movement.[113]

A documentary was also instrumental in publicizing accusations in the case of late singer Michael Jackson. Child sexual abuse allegations against Jackson were renewed after the airing of the documentary Leaving Neverland in 2019. The documentary focuses on Wade Robson and James Safechuck and their interactions with Jackson, especially the sexual interactions they claim to have endured for years during their childhood.[114] Jackson faced several child sexual abuse accusations in the past; he was arrested for child sexual abuse in 2003 but was acquitted in the People v. Jackson trial in 2005.[115]

Social Justice and Journalism
Eventually, the Me Too Movement became analyzed under a journalistic viewpoint, as writers and editors began to push the movement into larger news networks and labor sectors. Particularly, Sarah Lyons, who wrote “Hands Off Pants On,” illustrated the importance of allowing an open space for victims of sexual assault in the work place to heal.[116] Further, the article also revealed the creation of the campaign, “UNITE HERE,” which has a driving goal to protect women who felt threatened by sharing their stories and creating devices to stop assault before it happens.

Another scope that is critical to understand in order to lift up survivors of sexual violence is that of the legal system. In Sarah Jaffe’s article, she analyzed victims thought the extent to which they are forced to follow through with police departments, and they (possibly) the court systems.[117] This path is currently struggling, and was constructed to fail those who need assistance the most.

Military
See also: Sexual assault in the United States military

Poster created by the U.S. Army's Sexual Harassment/Assault Response & Prevention
In the wake of #MeToo, #MeTooMilitary came to be used by service men and women who were sexually assaulted or harassed while in the military,[118] appearing on social media in January 2018 the day after remarks by Oprah Winfrey at the Golden Globe Awards honoring female soldiers in the military "whose names we'll never know" who have suffered sexual assault and abuse in order to make things better for women today.[119]

A report from the Pentagon indicated that 15,000 members of the military reported being sexually assaulted in the year 2016 and only 1 out of 3 people assaulted actually made a report.[120] Veteran Nichole Bowen-Crawford has said the rates have improved over the last decade, but the military still has a long way to go, and recommends that women veterans connect privately on social media to discuss sexual abuse in a safe environment.[119][121]

There was a "#MeTooMilitary Stand Down" protest, organized by Service Women's Action Network, which gathered at the Pentagon on January 8, 2018. The protest was endorsed by the U.S. Department of Defense, who stated that current service members were welcome to attend as long as they did not wear their uniform.[122][123][124] The protest supported the Military Justice Improvement Act, sponsored by Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, which would move "the decision over whether to prosecute serious [sex] crimes to independent, trained, professional military prosecutors, while leaving uniquely military crimes within the chain of command".[123]

Pornography
There have been discussions about how pornography is related to the emergence of the #MeToo movement, and what changes, if any, should be made to the porn industry in response.[125][126] The deaths of five female porn actresses during the first three months of 2018 inspired demands that workers in the industry be included as part of the #MeToo movement.[127] It has been pointed out that many women and men have been sexually assaulted on set.[128] Some high-profile pornographic performers have been accused of assault since the emergence of #MeToo, including James Deen and Ron Jeremy.[127][129][130] The porn industry has overall been supportive of #MeToo, with the topics of harassment and bodily autonomy being addressed at the 2018 AVN Awards.[131] There have been calls for the industry to police itself better in the wake of #MeToo.[128] However, when gay actor Tegan Zayne accused fellow actor Topher DiMaggio of rape in a #MeToo post, and four other men came forward with their own allegations of sexual misconduct against DiMaggio, very little happened and there was no official investigation.[132]

Several groups of Christians, conservative women, and radical feminists have argued that #MeToo demonstrates pornography causes women to be viewed as sexual objects and contributes to the prevalence of sexual harassment. As a result, these groups believe the production and consumption of pornography should be greatly restricted or made illegal.[125]

Other social advocates and feminists have responded by pointing out that attempts to suppress pornography in the U.S. have historically never been effective at reducing consumption. They note that porn consumption in the U.S. is currently at what is likely the highest levels in history, but overall levels of sexual violence and rape are far lower today than when the anti-pornography movement in the U.S. first emerged during the 1960s. Additionally, many feminists argue that laws which make pornography illegal only further restrict women as far what they are and are not allowed to do with their bodies.[125]

Many feminists have stated that pornography can be empowering or enjoyable for women and depicting female sexuality is not always objectification.[125][133] Others point out that a lot of porn is made by women and for women.[134] Award-winning porn actress and director Angela White says there is a "large positive shift within the industry" to more women directing and producing their own content and "to represent women as powerful sexual beings."[127] Anti-porn activist Melissa Farley has said this ignores the "choicelessness" faced by many actresses in porn.[125] Liberal advocates argue that anti-pornography movements in the U.S. have historically never tried to increase choices for vulnerable adult performers, and taking away a person's right to act in porn may hurt them economically by reducing their choices. Many adult performers have stated that the social stigma surrounding their type of work is already a major barrier when they're seeking help, and making porn illegal would leave them few options if they are suffering from sexual abuse.[127]

As a result of #MeToo, many adult performers, sex worker advocates and feminists have called for greater protections for pornographic actresses, for example reducing social stigmas, mandating training courses that teach performers their rights, and providing access to independent hotlines where performers can report abuse. They argue that making porn illegal would only cause the production of porn to go underground where there are even fewer options for help. Some liberal activists have argued to compromise by raising the legal age of entry into adult entertainment from 18 to 21, which would prevent some of the most vulnerable women from being taken advantage of, while allowing adult women to still do what they want with their own bodies.[127]

Some have pointed out that many young people who do not receive a sex education adopt ideas about sex and sexual roles from pornography, whose fantasy depictions of those behaviors are not accurate to life, as they are designed for purposes of adult entertainment, and not educating the public on the reality of sexual behavior.[135] Some areas of the United States teach birth-control methods only by abstinence from sex. In a 2015 article for the American Journal of Nursing David Carter noted that a study found that abstinence based education was "correlated with increases in teenage pregnancies and births". Multiple people have voiced support for comprehensive sex education programs that encompass a wide range topics, which they state leave children more informed.[136] Several feminists have argued it is crucial to provide children with basic sex education before they are inevitably exposed to porn. Sex education can also effectively prepare children to identify and say no to unwanted sexual contact before it occurs, and gives parents an opportunity to teach children about consent.[137]

Astronomy
The #astroSH twitter tag was used to discuss sexual harassment in the field of Astronomy, and several scientists and professors resigned or were fired.[138][139][140][141]

Purpose
The original purpose of "Me Too" as used by Tarana Burke in 2006 was to empower women through empathy, especially young and vulnerable women. In October 2017, Alyssa Milano encouraged using the phrase as a hashtag to help reveal the extent of problems with sexual harassment and assault by showing how many people have experienced these events themselves.[15][22]

After millions of people started using the phrase, and it spread to dozens of other languages, the purpose changed and expanded, and as a result, it has come to mean different things to different people. Tarana Burke accepts the title of "leader" of the movement, but has stated that she considers herself more of a "worker." Burke has stated that this movement has grown to include both men and women of all colors and ages, as it continues to support marginalized people in marginalized communities.[142][143] There have also been movements by men aimed at changing the culture through personal reflection and future action, including #IDidThat, #IHave, and #IWill.[144]

Awareness and empathy
Analyses of the movement often point to the prevalence of sexual violence, which has been estimated by the World Health Organization to affect one-third of all women worldwide. A 2017 poll by ABC News and The Washington Post also found that 54% of American women report receiving "unwanted and inappropriate" sexual advances with 95% saying that such behavior usually goes unpunished. Others state that #MeToo underscores the need for men to intervene when they witness demeaning behavior.[145][146][147]

Burke said that #MeToo declares sexual violence sufferers are not alone and should not be ashamed.[148] Burke says sexual violence is usually caused by someone the woman knows, so people should be educated from a young age that they have the right to say no to sexual contact from any person, even after repeat solicitations from an authority or spouse, and to report predatory behavior.[149] Burke advises men to talk to each other about consent, call out demeaning behavior when they see it and try to listen to victims when they tell their stories.[149]

Alyssa Milano described the reach of #MeToo as helping society understand the "magnitude of the problem" and said, "it's a standing in solidarity to all those who have been hurt."[150][151] She stated that the success of #MeToo will require men to take a stand against behavior that objectifies women.[152]

Policies and laws
Burke has stated the current purpose of the movement is to give people the resources to have access to healing, and to advocate for changes to laws and policies. Burke has highlighted goals such as processing all untested rape kits, re-examining local school policies, improving the vetting of teachers, and updating sexual harassment policies.[153] She has called for all professionals who work with children to be fingerprinted and subjected to a background check before being cleared to start work. She advocates for sex education that teaches kids to report predatory behavior immediately.[149] Burke supports the #MeToo bill in the US Congress, which would remove the requirement that staffers of the federal government go through months of "cooling off" before being allowed to file a complaint against a Congressperson.[153]

Milano states that a priority for #MeToo is changing the laws surrounding sexual harassment and assault, for example instituting protocols that give sufferers in all industries the ability to file complaints without retaliation. She supports legislation making it difficult for publicly traded companies to hide cover-up payments from their stockholders and would like to make it illegal for employers to require new workers to sign non-disclosure agreements as a condition of employment.[152] Gender analysts such as Anna North have stated that #MeToo should be addressed as a labor issue due to the economic disadvantages to reporting harassment. North suggested combating underlying power imbalances in some workplaces, for example by raising the tipped minimum wage, and embraces innovations like the "portable panic buttons" that are mandated for hotel employees in Seattle.[154]

Others have suggested that barriers to employment must be removed, such as the job requirement by some employers to sign non-disclosure agreements or other agreements that prevent an employee from talking about their employment publicly, or taking disputes (including sexual harassment claims) to arbitration rather than to legal proceedings. It's been suggested that legislation should be passed that bans these types of mandatory pre-employment agreements.[1]

Some policy-based changes that have been suggested include increasing managerial oversight; creating clear internal reporting mechanisms; more effective and proactive disciplinary measures; creating a culture that encourages employees to be open about serious problems;[1] imposing financial penalties for companies that allow workers to remain in their position when they have repeatedly sexually harassed others; and forcing companies to pay huge fines or lose tax breaks if they decide to retain workers who are sexual harassers.[155]

Media coverage
In the coverage of #MeToo, there has been widespread discussion about the best way for sufferers of sexual abuse or harassment to stop what is happening to them at work. There is general agreement that a lack of effective reporting options is a major factor that drives unchecked sexual misconduct in the workplace.[156]

False reports of sexual assault are rare but when they happen, they are put in the spotlight for the public to see. The media does this to portray the image that the majority of the reported sexual assaults are falsely reported by women. However, falsely reported sexual assaults only make up 2%–10% of the total number that are reported. This does not even take into account the number of women that still do not report their stories. This is yet another reason why women are scared to report their experiences with sexual assault because they are afraid that no one will ever believe their story and in the process they will have embarrassed and humiliated themselves.[157][158]

In France, a person who makes a sexual harassment complaint at work is reprimanded or fired 40% of the time, while the accused person is typically not investigated or punished.[159] In the United States, a 2016 report from the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission states that although 25–85% of women say they experience sexual harassment at work, few ever report the incidents, most commonly due to fear of reprisal.[156] There is evidence that in Japan, as few as 4% of rape victims report the crime, and the charges are dropped about half the time.[160][161]

There is a discussion on the best ways to handle whisper networks, or private lists of "people to avoid" that are shared unofficially in nearly every major institution or industry where sexual harassment is common due to power imbalances, including government, media, news, and academia. These lists have the stated purpose of warning other workers in the industry and are shared from person-to-person, on forums, in private social media groups, and via spreadsheets. However, these lists can become "weaponized" and used to spread unsubstantiated gossip, which has been discussed widely in the media.[162]

Defenders say the lists provide a way to warn other people in the industry if worried about punishment, or if complaints have already been ignored, and also helps victims identify each other so they can speak out together.[162][163] Sometimes these lists are kept for other reasons, for example, a spreadsheet from the United Kingdom called "High Libido MPs" and dubbed "the spreadsheet of shame" was created by a group of male and female parliamentary researchers, and contained a list of allegations against nearly 40 Conservative MPs in the British Parliament. It is also rumored that party whips (who are in charge of getting members of Parliament to commit to votes) maintain a "black book" that contains allegations against several lawmakers that can be used for blackmail.[164][165][166] When it is claimed a well-known person's sexual misconduct was an "open secret", these lists are often the source.[162] In the wake of #MeToo, several private whisper network lists have been leaked to the public.[162][163]

In India, a student gave her friends a list containing names of professors and academics in the Indian university system to be avoided. The list went viral after it was posted on social media.[167] In response to criticism in the media, the authors defended themselves by saying they were only trying to warn their friends, had confirmed every case, and several victims from the list were poor students who had already been punished or ignored when trying to come forward.[168][169] Moira Donegan, a New York City-based journalist, privately shared a crowd-sourced Shitty Media Men list of people to avoid in publishing and journalism. When it was shared outside her private network, Donegan lost her job. Donegan stated it was unfair so few people had access to the list before it went public; for example, very few women of color received access (and therefore protection) from it. She pointed to her "whiteness, health, education, and class" that allowed her to take the risk of sharing the list and getting fired.[163]

The main problem with trying to protect more potential victims by publishing whisper networks is determining the best mechanism to verify allegations in a way that is fair to all parties.[170][171] Some suggestions have included strengthening labor unions in vulnerable industries so workers can report harassment directly to the union instead of to an employer. Another suggestion is to maintain industry hotlines which have the power to trigger third-party investigations.[170] Several apps have been developed which offer various ways to report sexual misconduct, and some of these apps also have the ability to connect victims who have reported the same person.[172]

Issues with social norms
In the wake of #MeToo, many countries such as the U.S.,[173] India,[174] France,[175] China,[176] Japan,[160] and Italy,[177] have seen discussion in the media on whether cultural norms need to be changed for sexual harassment to be eradicated in the workplace.

Dr. John Launer of Health Education England stated leaders must be made aware of common "mismatches of perceptions" at work to reduce incidents where one person thinks they are flirting while the other person feels like they're being demeaned or harassed.[94] Reporter Anna North from Vox states one way to address #MeToo is teach children the basics of sex. North states the cultural notion that women do not enjoy sex leads men "to believe that a lukewarm yes is all they're ever going to get", referring to a 2017 study which found that men who believe women enjoy being forced into sex are "more likely to perceive women as consenting".[178] Alyssa Rosenberg of The Washington Post called for society to be careful of overreaching by "being clear about what behavior is criminal, what behavior is legal but intolerable in a workplace, and what private intimate behavior is worthy of condemnation" but not part of the workplace discussion. She says "preserving the nuances" is more inclusive and realistic.[179]

Professor Daniel Drezner stated that #MeToo laid the groundwork for two major cultural shifts. One is the acceptance that sexual harassment (not just sexual assault) is unacceptable in the workplace. The other is that when a powerful person is accused of sexual harassment, the reaction should be a presumption that the less powerful accuser is "likely telling the truth, because the risks of going public are great." However, he states society is struggling with the speed at which change is being demanded.[180]

Reform and implementation
Although #MeToo initially focused on adults, the message spread to students in K–12 schools where sexual abuse is common both in person and online.[181] MeTooK12 is a spin-off of #MeToo created in January 2018 by the group Stop Sexual Assault in Schools, founded by Joel Levin and Esther Warkov, aimed at stopping sexual abuse in education from kindergarten to high school.[182][183] #MeTooK12 was inspired in part by the removal of certain federal Title IX sexual misconduct guidelines.[184] There is evidence that sexual misconduct in K–12 education is dramatically underreported by both schools and students, because nearly 80% of public schools never report any incidents of harassment. A 2011 survey found 40% of boys and 56% of girls in grades 7–12 reported had experienced some type of negative sexual comment or sexual harassment in their lives.[182][184] Approximately 5% of K–12 sexual misconduct reports involved 5 or 6-year-old students. #MeTooK12 is meant to demonstrate the widespread prevalence of sexual misconduct towards children in school, and the need for increased training on Title IX policies, as only 18 states require people in education to receive training about what to do when a student or teacher is sexually abused.[183]

Role of men
There has been discussion about what possible roles men may have in the #MeToo movement.[185][186][97] It has been noted that 1 in 6 men have experienced sexual abuse of some sort during their lives and often feel unable to talk about it.[187] Creator Tarana Burke and others have asked men to call out bad behavior when they see it,[186][97] or just spend time quietly listening.[143][188] Some men have expressed the desire to keep a greater distance from women since #MeToo went viral because they do not fully understand what actions might be considered inappropriate.[189][190] For the first few months after #MeToo started trending, many men expressed difficulty in participating in the conversation due to fear of negative consequences, citing examples of men who have been treated negatively after sharing their thoughts about #MeToo.[191]

Author and former pick-up artist Michael Ellsberg encourages men to reflect on past behavior and examples of questionable sexual behavior, such as the viral story Cat Person, which is written from the perspective of a twenty-year-old woman who goes on a date with a much older man and ends up having an unpleasant sexual experience that was consensual but unwanted. Ellsberg has asked men to pledge to ensure women are mutually interested in initiating a sexual encounter and to slow down if there is ever doubt a woman wants to continue.[192][193]

Relationship instructor Kasia Urbaniak said the movement is creating its own crisis around masculinity. "There's a reflective questioning about whether they’re going to be next and if they’ve ever hurt a woman. There's a level of anger and frustration. If you’ve been doing something wrong but haven't been told, there's an incredible sense of betrayal and it’ll provoke a backlash. I think silence on both sides is incredibly dangerous." Urbaniak says she would like women to be allies of men and to be curious about their experience. "In that alliance there's a lot more power and possibility than there is in men stepping aside and starting to stew."[194]

In August 2018, The New York Times detailed allegations that leading #MeToo figure Asia Argento sexually assaulted actor Jimmy Bennett.[195] The sexual assault allegedly took place in a California hotel room in 2013 when he was only two months past his 17th birthday and she was 37; the age of consent in that state is 18.[195] Bennett said when Argento came out against Harvey Weinstein, it stirred memories of his own experience. He imparted he had sought to resolve the matter privately, and had not spoken out sooner, "because I was ashamed and afraid to be part of the public narrative."[196] In a statement provided to The Times, he said: "I was underage when the event took place, and I tried to seek justice in a way that made sense to me at the time because I was not ready to deal with the ramifications of my story becoming public. At the time I believed there was still a stigma to being in the situation as a male in our society. I didn't think that people would understand the event that took place from the eyes of a teenage boy." Bennett said he would like to "move past this event in my life," adding, "today I choose to move forward, no longer in silence."[196] Argento, who quietly arranged a $380,000 nondisclosure settlement with Bennett in the months following her revelations regarding Weinstein, has denied the allegations.[197] Rose McGowan initially expressed support for Argento on and implored others to show restraint, tweeting, "None of us know the truth of the situation and I'm sure more will be revealed. Be gentle." As one of the most vocal advocates of the Me Too movement, McGowan faced criticism on social media for her comments, which conflicted with the movement's message of believing survivors.[198] MeToo founder Tarana Burke responded the Asia Argento report, stating "I’ve said repeatedly that the #metooMVMT is for all of us, including these brave young men who are now coming forward. Sexual violence is about power and privilege. That doesn't change if the perpetrator is your favorite actress, activist or professor of any gender."[3]

#HimToo
Main article: Him Too movement
Accuracy dispute
This section appears to contradict the article Him Too movement. Please see discussion on the linked talk page. (January 2019) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
The related hashtag #HimToo emerged in popularity with the #MeToo movement. Although dating back to at least 2015, and initially associated with politics or casual communication, #HimToo took on new meanings associated with #MeToo in 2017, with some using it to emphasize male victims of sexual harassment and abuse, and others using it to emphasize male perpetrators. In September and October 2018, during the sexual assault allegations raised during Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court, #HimToo became used by supporters of Kavanaugh and to highlight male victims of false accusations.[199][200]

In January 2019, a tertiary institution's lecturer from Hong Kong also came out in the spotlight to announce his establishment of a support group aimed at "gathering all men who have suffered from false allegations of sexual crimes to speak out" in an interview by a local newspaper. He claimed that he was a victim of this movement, which he considered as "encouraging unethical females to frame males they hate, who, under conventional stereotypes, are usually assumed to hold indecent urge for women".

He did add that he "was not opposed to this movement", but was concerned about its abuses that could ruin the life of many innocent men".[201]

Criticism
Undefined purpose
Some feminists and women have criticized the movement.[202][203] Some media outlets have argued that the Me Too movement has increased the level of androphobia in society.[204][205]

There has been discussion about whether the movement is meant to inspire change in all men or just a percentage of them, and what specific actions are the end goal of the movement.[206] Other women have stated #MeToo should examine only the worst types of abuse in order to prevent casting all men as perpetrators, or causing people to become numb to the problem.[206][207]

Creator Tarana Burke has laid out specific goals for the #MeToo movement, including: processing all untested rape kits in the United States, investigating the vetting of teachers, better protecting children at school, updating sexual harassment policies, and improving training in workplaces, places of worship, and schools. She has stated that everyone in a community, including men and women, must take action in order to make the #MeToo movement a success. She also supports the #MeToo Congress bill and hopes it will inspire similar legal changes in other parts of the country.[142]

Overcorrection
Richard Ackland, a lawyer and award-winning journalist, described the response to defamation cases "an asphyxiating vortex of litigation".[208]

There has been discussion on whether harsh consequences are warranted for particular examples of alleged misconduct.[207][209][210] An especially divisive story broke on Babe.net on January 13, 2018, when an anonymous accuser detailed the events of her date with Aziz Ansari and referred to what transpired as "sexual assault". Jill Filipovic wrote for The Guardian that "it was only a matter of time before a publication did us the disservice of publishing a sensational story of a badly behaved man who was nonetheless not a sexual assailant".[211][212][213]  While James Hamblin wrote for The Atlantic that these "stories of gray areas are exactly what [...] need to be told and discussed."[214]

Some actors have admonished proponents of the movement for not distinguishing between different degrees of sexual misconduct. Matt Damon commented on the phenomenon in an interview, and later apologized, saying "the clearer signal to men and to younger people is, deny it. Because if you take responsibility for what you did, your life's going to get ruined."[215] Subsequently, Liam Neeson opined that some accused men, including Garrison Keillor and Dustin Hoffman, were being treated unfairly.[216]

Tarana Burke said in January 2018, "Those of us who do this work know that backlash is inevitable." While describing the backlash as carrying an underlying sentiment of fairness, she defended her movement as "not a witch hunt as people try to paint it". She stated that engaging with the cultural critique in #MeToo was more productive than calling for it to end or focusing on accused men who "haven't actually touched anybody".[143] Ronan Farrow, who published the Weinstein exposé in the New Yorker that helped start the #MeToo resurgence (alongside New York Times reporters Megan Twohey and Jodi Kantor), was asked in late December 2017 whether he thought the movement had "gone too far". Farrow called for a careful examination of each story to guard against false accusations but also recalled the alleged sexual abuse his sister Dylan Farrow claims she went through at the hands of his father Woody Allen. He stated that after decades of silence, "My feeling is that this is a net benefit to society and that all of the people, men, and women, pouring forward and saying 'me too' deserve this moment. I think you're right to say that we all have to be conscious of the risk of the pendulum swinging too far, but in general this is a very positive step."[217]

Ijeoma Oluo spoke about how some Democrats have expressed regret over the resignation of Senator Al Franken due to allegations of sexual misconduct. She sympathized with them but stressed the importance of punishing misconduct regardless of whether the perpetrator is viewed as "a bad guy" overall. She wrote that "most abusers are more like Al Franken than Harvey Weinstein".[218] The New York Times has called this discussion the "Louis C.K. Conundrum", referring to the admission by comedian Louis C.K. that he committed sexual misconduct with five women, and the subsequent debate over whether any guilt should be associated with enjoyment of his work.[219][220][221] Jennifer Wright of Harper's Bazaar has said that public fears of an overcorrection reflect the difficulty of accepting that "likeable men can abuse women too".[222]

A 2019 LeanIn.Org/SurveyMonkey survey showed that 60% of male managers reported being "too nervous" of being accused of harassment when mentoring, socializing, or having one-on-one meetings with women in the workplace.[223]

Possible trauma to victims
The hashtag has been criticized for putting the responsibility of publicizing sexual harassment and abuse on those who experienced it, which could be re-traumatizing.[224][225][226] The hashtag has been criticized as inspiring fatigue and outrage, rather than emotionally dense communication.[227][228]

Tony Robbins said he was "knocking victimhood" from the movement.[229] The motivational speaker was also scrutinized for comments he made criticizing the movement, implying that women are victimizing themselves to gain significance. He later apologized adding, "I need to get connected to the brave women of #MeToo."[230]

Exclusion of sex workers
There have been many calls for the #MeToo movement to include sex workers and sex trafficking victims.[231][232][233][234][235] Although these women experience a higher rate of sexual harassment and assault than any other group of people, they are often seen in society as legitimate targets that deserve such acts against them.[236] Autumn Burris stated that prostitution is like "#MeToo on steroids" because the sexual harassment and assault described in #MeToo stories are frequent for women in prostitution.[231] Melissa Farley argues that prostitution, even when consensual, can be a form of sexual assault, as it can be for money for food or similar items, thus, at least according to Farley, making prostitution a forced lifestyle relying on coercions for food.[236] Many sex workers disagree with her stance, saying that she stigmatizes prostitution.[237]

American journalist Steven Thrasher noted that, "There has been worry that the #MeToo movement could lead to a sex panic. But the real sex panic is not due to feminism run amok, but due to the patriarchal, homophobic, transantagonistic, theocratic desire of the US Congress to control sex workers." He points to 2018 Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act (SESTA), which many experts say will only put sex workers at further risk by causing them to go underground, does not offer sex workers any help or protections, and as a side effect prevents most people from using online personal ads regardless of their intentions.[238]

False accusations
There has been discussion about the extent to which accusers should be believed before fact-checking. Some have questioned whether the accused are being punished without due process confirming their guilt.[207][209][210]

Many commentators have responded that the number of false reports is expected to be low, citing figures obtained by the U.S. Department of Justice and other organizations which estimate the number of false rape accusations to be around 2–10%. However, the 2–10% figure refers to rape reports which are found to be false, and does not include cases in which it cannot be established if the accused is innocent or guilty.[239][240]

A February 2005 study by the UK Home Office on reported rape cases[241] found that from a set of 216 rape cases later found to be false, only six led to arrests and only two involved charges being filed.[242][243] Elle writer Sady Doyle commented that another hashtag, #BelieveWomen, was not a threat to due process but a commitment to "recognize that false allegations are less common than real ones".[243] Jennifer Wright of Harper's Bazaar proposed a similar definition of #BelieveWomen and pointed out The Washington Post's ability to quickly identify a false accusation set up by Project Veritas. She also stated that only 52 rape convictions being overturned in the United States since 1989, as opposed to 790 for murder, was strong evidence that at least 90% of rape allegations are true.[222][242] Michelle Malkin challenged this claim, citing the book False Allegations by Brent Turvey, John Savino and Aurelio Coronado Mares, which states that published research about false rape accusations indicate that the percentage ranges from 8–41%. She expressed a suspicion that many stories in the #MeToo movement would be exaggerated and accused news outlets of focusing on "hashtag trends spread by celebrities, anonymous claimants and bots".[244]

On November 30, 2017, Ijeoma Oluo revealed the contents of a request she received from USA Today, asking her to write a piece arguing that due process is unnecessary for sexual harassment allegations. She refused, saying "of course I believe in due process" and wrote that it was disingenuous for the paper to ask her "to be their strawman".[245]

On September 21, 2018, President Donald Trump accused Dr. Christine Blasey Ford of making up her accusations against now Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh, saying that if her story was true she would have filed a report against him when it had happened. This is a common argument against the MeToo movement and alleged sexual assault victims alike.[246]

On October 11, 2018, Melania Trump, wife of US President Donald Trump, said that women who make accusations of sexual abuse against men should back their claims with solid evidence.[247]

Not addressing police misconduct
Despite the prevalence[where?] of sexual misconduct, some have pointed out the lack of discussion in the #MeToo movement regarding law-enforcement misconduct.[248][249][250][251] Police sexual misconduct disproportionately affects women of color, though women from all walks of life are affected.[251] The Cato Institute reported that in 2010, more than 9% of police misconduct reports in 2010 involved sexual abuse, and there are multiple indications that "sexual assault rates are significantly higher for police when compared to the general population."[249] Fear of retribution is considered[by whom?] one reason some law-enforcement officers are not subjected to significant consequences for known misconduct.[248] Police-reform activist Roger Goldman stated that an officer who is fired for sexual misconduct from one police department often gets rehired by a different department, where they can continue the misconduct in a new environment.[248] Some states (such as Florida and Georgia) have licensing laws that can decertify a law-enforcement officer who has committed major misconduct, which prevents decertified officers from being hired again in that state.[248] Some have called for sexual misconduct allegations against police to be investigated by third parties to reduce bias (as opposed to the common practice of investigations being led by fellow law-enforcement officers or colleagues in the same department).[251]

Lack of representation of minority women
Many have pointed to a lack of representation of minority women in the #MeToo movement or its leadership.[252][253][254][255][256][257] Most historical feminist movements have contained active elements of racism, and have typically ignored the needs of non-white women despite the fact that minority women are more likely to be targets of sexual harassment.[252][253][254][255][256]

Minority women are overrepresented in industries with the greatest number of sexual harassment claims, for example hotels, health, food services, and retail.[254] It has been pointed out that undocumented minority women often have no recourse if they're experiencing sexual violence.[258] Activist Charlene Carruthers said, "If wealthy, highly visible women in news and entertainment are sexually harassed, assaulted and raped—what do we think is happening to women in retail, food service and domestic work?"[254]

Former victim Farah Tanis stated there are also additional barriers for black women who want to participate in the #MeToo movement. She pointed out that there is often social pressure not to report allegations against black men, especially from church and family, because many would view that as a betrayal against their "brothers."[258] Additionally, black women are less likely to be believed if they do speak out.[258][259]

Some have argued that the American judicial system acknowledges the term "sexual harassment" only because of successful sexual harassment lawsuits by three black women: Diane Williams and Paulette Barnes against the US government, and Mechelle Vinson against a bank.[260] Vinson's case of Meritor Savings Bank v. Vinson eventually leading to the unanimous 1986 Supreme Court decision that sexual harassment violates the Civil Rights Act.[253][254] Black law professor Anita Hill again brought sexual harassment to public discourse in 1991 with her testimony against Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas.[253][254][261]

Tarana Burke initially criticized the movement for ignoring the work of black women in creating dialogue addressing sexual assault. However, she did salute those who partook in the movement and credited Milano for acknowledging Burke's own similar movement.[262] As well as this, she pleaded to black women not to drop out of the movement just because the media isn't listening saying "This is your movement, too."[263]

American feminist and journalist Gloria Steinem said there is a blind spot surrounding intersectionality between race and gender, and a major problem with today's feminists is they are not acknowledging "that women of color in general—and especially black women—have always been more likely to be feminist than white women."[252] Steinem argues that #MeToo could never have happened without the work of these women, and women in the #MeToo movement have a responsibility: “If you have more power, remember to listen as much as you talk. And if you have less power, remember to talk as much as you listen."[253]

Overemphasis on specific cases
The #MeToo movement has been criticized for putting too much public focus on the consequences of specific individuals who have been accused of sexual misconduct, as opposed to discussing policies and changes to institutional norms that would help people who are currently experiencing sexual abuse.[264] It's been noted that although allegations surrounding high-profile public figures tends to attract the most attention, the stories of regular workers often go unacknowledged.[1] Yet to ensure meaningful change, these workers’ experiences must be at the center of any policy solutions that lawmakers pursue. Tarana Burke has voiced similar misgivings, pointing out one problematic aspect of #MeToo is "All of this media attention is on the perpetrator. All of the conversation about fairness and due process is focused on the perpetrator." She states the movement should focus on specific steps to help current and future sufferers.[265] Activist and writer Jaclyn Friedman said, "We’ve got to stop treating each case that comes to light like a self-contained soap opera that ends when the villain is defeated, and start addressing the systems that have enabled workplace sexual abuse for so long."[266] Writer Jia Tolentino has stated that it is natural to focus on the individual stories because they are "gripping and horrible", but determining the best workplace changes "doesn't have a ton to do with the specific investigation and adjudication of men that have already done this".[267]

Disregard for incarcerated women
Prisoners' rights are significantly limited, The power imbalance between female inmates and male officers allows and promotes prison rape and other forms of abuse.[268][269][270] In addition, most women who are incarcerated for the murder of their intimate partners acted in protection of themselves.[269][270] Many people have criticized the prison system for punishing women who act in self defense.[271] Others criticize the main outreach of the Me Too movement for failing to address the systemic imprisonment of abused women and men.[271][272][273]

Financial support
In May 2018, The New York Women's Foundation announced their Fund to Support the Me Too Movement and Allies, a $25M commitment over the next five years to provide funding and support survivors of sexual violence.[274]

In September 2018, CBS announced that it would be donating $20 million of former Chairman Les Moonves' severance to #MeToo. Moonves was forced to step down after numerous sexual misconduct accusations.[275][276]

International response
The hashtag has trended in at least 85 countries,[277] including India, Pakistan, and the United Kingdom. Direct translations of #MeToo have been shared by Spanish speakers in South America and Europe and by Arabic speakers in Africa and the Middle East, while activists in France and Italy have developed hashtags to express the attitudes of the movement.[278] Communicating similar experiences and "sharing feelings in some form of togetherness" connects people and can lead to "formation of a process of collective action" (Castells).[279][280] The campaign has prompted survivors from around the world to share their stories, and name their perpetrators. The European Parliament convened a session directly in response to the Me Too campaign, after it gave rise to allegations of abuse in Parliament and in the European Union's offices in Brussels. Cecilia Malmström, the European Commissioner for Trade, specifically cited the hashtag as the reason the meeting had been convened.[281]

List of local alternative hashtags

This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed.
Find sources: "Me Too movement" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR (December 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
Arab League Arabic: #أنا_كمان (en: MeToo)[282]
 Brazil : #Nãoénão (en: NoMeansNo)
 Canada, French-speaking areas: #MoiAussi (en: MeToo)[283]
 China, Mainland: #我也是 and #WoYeShi (en: MeToo)[284]
 Finland: #memyös (en: WeToo)
 France: #balanceTonPorc (en: DenounceYourPig,[285] ExposeYourPig[286])
 India: #मैंभी (en: MeToo)[287]
 Iran: #من_هم_همینطور (en: MeToo)
 Italy: #QuellaVoltaChe (en: ThatTimeThat)[282]
 Israel: #גםאנחנו (en: UsToo) גםאני#, גמאני# (en: MeToo)
 Japan: #私も and #WatashiMo (en: MeToo)
 North Macedonia: #СегаКажувам (en: NowTelling)
 Norway: #stilleføropptak (en: SilentUntilRecorded), #nårdansenstopper (en: WhentheDanceStops), #nårmusikkenstilner (en: WhentheMusicQuiets)
 Pakistan: #میں_بھی (en: MeToo)
 Russia: #МеняТоже or #Ятоже (en: MeToo)
 South Korea: #나도당했다 (en: MeToo)
 Spain: #YoTambién (en: MeToo)[282] ( Catalonia: #JoTambé) ( Basque Country: #NiEre) ( Galicia: #EuTamén)
 Taiwan: #我也是 and #WoYeShi (en: MeToo)
 Vietnam: #TôiCũngVậy (en: MeToo)
Afghanistan
The #MeToo hashtag initially spread in Afghanistan where it is estimated about 90% of women experience sexual harassment in public, at school, or at work, but was quickly silenced when those who shared their stories started fearing for their life.[288][289] Less than 1% of police officers or military members are women, and sexual assault is often ignored by law enforcement and the military.[290] Rape threats and other types of harassment are common on Facebook and other social media in Afghanistan. Sharing stories of sexual abuse against higher-ranking men is especially dangerous for women in the country, and may result in the killing of the victim or her family members.[289] Some women are also punished or killed to by their own family for speaking out, to redeem their "honor" after being tarnished by rape.[289] Despite the risks, some notable people such as Sarienews journalist Maryam Mehtar, and presidential advisor Shaharzad Akbar have shared their own #MeToo stories on social media. Mehtar experienced extreme abuse and several death threats for sharing her story about being sexually harassed in public on a daily basis, and was publicly called a "whore" in an interview with The New York Times by Afghan writer Jalil Junbish. He also called the NYT reporter a whore in the same interview. He later denied making the comments.[290] Other women only share their first name or a fake name, and typically describe the story without naming the perpetrator for fear of reprisal.[290] Sexual harassment was first defined in Afghanistan in 2016, though there has been little effort made to enforce laws against it.[288] Rod Nordland and Fatima Faizi of The New York Times reported that a colonel in the Afghan Air Force was secretly and clearly videotaped sexually assaulting a subordinate in November 2017, and the video quickly went viral, but despite an alleged investigation, the colonel has not been formally accused of misconduct.[290] The Ministries of Interior and Communications set up a phone hotline to for women to call to report sexual misconduct from law enforcement officials, but a call to the line revealed the hotline will offer advice only about phone harassment, and stated if a person harasses you in person, to "slap them".[290]

Australia
In October 2017 reporter and journalist Tracey Spicer announced on Twitter that she was launching an investigation into reports of sexual harassment by powerful Australian men in the media in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein sexual abuse allegations and the rise in public awareness of the #MeToo movement. Earlier that same year, Spicer had released a memoir, The Good Girl Stripped Bare, where she wrote about her own experiences of sexual harassment in the work place.[291] Spicer later reported that she had received responses from 470 people about people in the industry, including Australian television presenter and producer Don Burke.[292] The extent of the claims against Burke were published by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and The Sydney Morning Herald in a joint investigative piece on November 26, 2017, where it was reported that "One name kept recurring – Don Burke."[293][294] Spicer, along with Kate McClymont, Lorna Knowles and Alison Branley, won the 2018 Walkley Awards in the print/text journalism and Television/Video Current Affairs Short (less than 20 minutes) categories for their investigation and on Australia Day in 2018, Spicer was appointed as a Member of the Order of Australia "for significant service to the broadcast media as a journalist and television presenter, and as an ambassador for social welfare and charitable groups".[295][296] Later that same year, Spicer and Melinda Schneider launched NOW Australia, a campaign aimed at helping connect people with legal support and counselling.[297]

Since then the #MeToo movement has now expanded beyond Australian media and the Australian Human Rights Commission has launched an independent search into workplace sexual harassment that is the first of its kind in the world.[298]

It has been hypothesised by The Age that Australia's strict defamation laws make it difficult for more victims to come forward.[299]

The #MeToo movement was announced the winner of the 2019 Sydney Peace Prize. The award will be presented to Tarana Burke and Tracey Spicer on 14 November 2019.[300]

Belgium
In May 2019, Julie Van Espen was the victim of a homicide in Antwerp. Her death has lead to political protests against sexual violence. That month, over 15,000 people walked a 'silent march' in Antwerp for Van Espen. The hashtags '#enough', '#MeToo' and '#JulieVanEspen' were used by people on social media to command attention to the case, to raise awareness on sexual violence, and to address that the suspect of her murder had been convicted of rape twice before.[301]

Canada

Éric Salvail, accused of sexual harassment
In French-speaking parts of Canada, the campaign is done under the hashtag #MoiAussi.[302] A minister of Quebec, Hélène David, said she believed a global movement was in the works and we should salute this change.[303] It was reported that calls to rape and women's crisis centers have increased dramatically, up to 553% above normal levels,[304] since #MoiAussi started trending in October 2017, causing problems with staffing and budgeting.[305] Quebec has contributed $1 million to help support these crisis hotlines.[304] Hundreds of people marched to promote #MoiAussi at an event in Toronto in December 2017.[306] In the wake of #MoiAussi, a candidate for mayor of Plateau-Mont-Royal dropped out of the race in response to allegations of sexual misconduct from several women.[307] Montreal police set up a phone hotline for people who have been raped or harassed to call.[303] Radio and TV presenter Éric Salvail was accused by 11 people of either being sexually harassed, or witnessing harassment from Salvail.[303] He lost several endorsements and was suspended from most projects he was involved with.[308] Humorist Gilbert Rozon resigned from all his positions and tried to sell his company in the wake of several sexual misconduct allegations, including one from producer Julie Snyder, a class action lawsuit from several women, and a sexual assault report filed with the police.

A newly popular hashtag, #EtMaintenant (#AndNow or Now What?) has started spreading as the "second part" to #MoiAussi to discuss what to do now that the magnitude of the problem with sexual misconduct in the workplace has been exposed. #EtMaintenant is represented by a yellow heart. It was unveiled on the show Tout le monde en parle in January 2018, with the stated purpose of determining which attitudes related to society, politics, institutions, and media need to be changed to ensure equity between all people.[309]

Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has been a vocal advocate and supporter of the #MeToo movement. In a speech at the World Economic Forum in January 2018, Trudeau called for critical discussion on issues brought up by the #MeToo, Time's Up, and Women's March movements.[310] Trudeau has also advocated and acted upon a high standard set for himself and members of his government. Trudeau stated that he holds a "zero tolerance for sexual assault, harassment or other forms of misconduct by his employees or caucus colleagues".[311] As leader of the Liberal party, Trudeau initiated investigations on several members of parliament resulting in the dismissal of cabinet minister Kent Hehr, the resignation of MP Darshan Kang, and the suspension and later expulsion of MPs Scott Andrews and Massimo Pacetti.[312] In an interview, Trudeau explained that the zero tolerance standard applied to himself as well and stated, "I've been very, very careful all my life to be thoughtful, to be respectful of people's space and people's headspace as well."[313]

However, an editorial written in August 2000 resurfaced during his premiership regarding an alleged incident where an author accused Trudeau of groping a reporter and in July 2018 Trudeau publicly rejected the accusations.[314][315] The piece stated Trudeau provided a "day-late" apology to the reporter, saying, "If I had known you were reporting for a national paper, I never would have been so forward."[316] On July 6 Trudeau stated there was no need to conduct an investigation into the allegations against him.[317]

Chile
In April–June 2018, female students marched around Chile and occupied universities in protest against sexual harassment.[318] Multiple actresses levelled accusations of Weinstein-like behaviour at telenovela director Herval Abreu in April and film director Nicolás López in June; both men have denied any wrongdoing.[319]

China
On Chinese social networks, hashtags #WoYeShi or #metoo are sometimes used to denote the #Metoo hashtag. Mi tu pronounced in Mandarin, meaning "rice bunny", is also used with a hashtag of #RiceBunny.[320]

In mainland China, the Chinese internet censorship service has slowed down the Chinese MeToo posts via censorship.[321] So far, the #MeToo debate appears to be limited to universities.[322]

An article appearing on the state-run China Daily newspaper states that sexual misconduct is rare in China due to superior education and culture has caused considerable Internet outrages.[323]

A recent study from a pair of professors from City University of Hong Kong indicated that about 80% of working women in China have experienced sexual harassment at some point in their career,[284] and there were strong reactions of anger online following the report. The article has since been taken down.[324] Activist Feng Yuan points out that China does not have national laws prohibiting sexual harassment, and uses state media to encourage women to focus on family and stay home. New laws recently made it illegal for television programming to contain images of a women's cleavage, sexual acts outside of marriage, or any topics that present "Western lifestyles" in a positive light. #MeToo has received extreme governmental censorship online.[176][324]

Sophie Richardson, the Human Rights Watch director for China, stated the Chinese government regularly suppresses discussion of women's rights, for example an incident in 2015 where Li Tingting and four other activists were arrested when the government learned they planned to hand out stickers about preventing sexual harassment on public transportation.[324]

In Hong Kong, track and field athlete Vera Lui Lai-Yiu posted her case of sex abuse alongside #metoo on her Facebook fanpage on her 23rd birthday. She posted in response to a similar action by gymnast McKayla Maroney. Lui posted a picture of herself holding a piece of paper with the handwritten words "#metoo lly" (her initials).[325][326][327][328][329] In January 2018, student Zheng Xi publicly started a campaign against sexual harassment in response to #MeToo.[284]

Dr. Luo Xixi, an academic, revealed being sexually assaulted by a professor at Beihang University when she was in her 20s. Luo gathered extensive evidence from many women, including recordings, and presented it to the institution. She waited until the professor was already suspended before going public with the story. Her post was viewed over 3 million times within 24 hours. She said that #metoo gave her the courage to speak up. She is currently living in the US.[176]

Zhou Xiaoxuan, a 25-year-old screenwriter in Beijing, stated that Zhu Jun (host) assaulted her in his dressing room. Zhou Xiaoxuan was assaulted as an intern by Zhu Jun, a famous anchor for Central China Television, in 2014. When she went to the police, she was urged her to drop her report, telling her that her parents, who both work for government institutions, could lose their jobs. So for years, Ms. Zhou kept what had happened a secret, only known by herself, her parents, and some close friends. That was until one day, where she saw a "#MeToo" post, and decided to share her own story. Her intentions were to share with her friends that this happens to people close to themselves, but instead her post was shared rapidly over the Chinese internet, until the Chinese government intervened and banned state-run media from covering the story.[330]

Yue Xin, a undergraduate of Peking University in Beijing, led a campaign to uncover information regarding the alleged assault and subsequent suicide of Gao Yan, a student who was allegedly assaulted by former professor Shang Yang.[331] Peking University took measures to attempt to dissuade Yue from pursuing her investigation.[332][333] Yue Xin would eventually participate in the Jasic Incident.

Ethiopia
Alyssa Milano specifically called for supporting the victims in Ethiopia in an interview with Rolling Stone.[152] In Ethiopia, up to 40% of students may have experienced sexual violence.[334] In November 2017, nine middle-school aged girls organized together and spoke out about an abusive teacher in their school, saying they got the idea from the "Me Too" movement. The teacher was dismissed and referred to law enforcement. UNICEF's Amanda Westfall said the teacher likely would have gotten away with it just a few years ago.[334]

France
Variants of the phrase trended in France,[27] especially #BalanceTonPorc (#DenounceYourPig),[302] which encouraged users to share the names of their alleged abusers.[335][336] #BalanceTonPorc was first used by Sandra Muller. She was requested to take down her tweet by two lawyers.[337] In France, 93% of complaints against criminal sexual harassment are dropped or never followed up on by law enforcement.[338] Prosecutions are extremely rare, and only 65 of 1,048 sexual harassment lawsuits from 2014 actually led to a conviction.[337] In 40% of workplace sexual violence cases, the person who makes the complaint is reprimanded or fired, while the accused person is typically not investigated or punished.[338] There is no French equivalent to U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which gives victims a place to report workplace sexual violence if the employer and/or law enforcement refuses to address the complaint.[338] Brigitte Macron, wife of French President Emmanuel Macron, expressed support for the #MeToo movement.[337][339]

Initially the hashtag went viral, but there was an almost immediate media backlash.[340] Soon after, 100 high-profile French women, including actress Catherine Deneuve, former pornographic actress and radio host Brigitte Lahaie, art critic and author Catherine Millet, signed an open letter by Abnousse Shalmani which criticized the #MeToo / #BalanceTonPorc campaign. It was noted the letter is poorly edited with several typos and unclear or clumsy passages.[175][341]

The people who signed the letter, especially Deneuve and Millet, were criticized for saying men should have the "right to pester" women.[342] The letter also told people not to be bothered by small amounts of sexual harassment, for example men who rub against women on public transportation. The letter states women should "consider it as the expression of a great sexual misery, or even as a nonevent".[341] French politician Marlène Schiappa said some aspects of the letter were "profoundly shocking" and "we have immense difficulty convincing young women that when a man rubs his genitals against a woman in the Métro without her consent, it is an act of sexual assault that can lead to three years in prison and a 75,000 euro fine."[337][341]

A week after its publication, Deneuve issued a letter of clarification, and said although she still agrees with the spirit of the original letter, she wants to clarify that she does believe sexual harassment and assault are real problems, and apologized to all victims of unpleasant sexual acts who read the letter and felt hurt by it.[343][344]

Political commentator Anastasia Colosimo said the movement to prevent sexual misconduct at work is more accepted by younger women in France because they take sexual freedom as a given, while older feminists are afraid #MeToo may hurt the sexual revolution.[175] Legal professional Marilyn Baldeck noted that when people are given "concrete examples" of sexual misconduct, they often "change their minds and acknowledge how harmful some situations can be".[341] French politician Sandrine Rousseau said that the #MeToo movement will continue because French women have been silenced for too long.[337] A petition aimed at President Emmanuel Macron demanded sexual harassment to be taken more seriously in France, and received more than 100,000 signatures in 3 days.[338]

Singer Tom Connan said in an interview published by L'Obs that he had been the victim of sexual harassment and claimed that men (not only women) were also affected by the problem.[345]

NousToutes

In 2018, 30,000 women marched in Paris with the #NousToutes, dressing in purple.[346][347]

Ligue du LOL
In February 2019 prominent male Parisian journalists were accused of forming a group, called the "Ligue du LOL", which – over a 10-year period – ran online harassment campaigns against feminists, female journalists, writers of colour and gay people. The group's founder, Vincent Glad [fr], was suspended by the daily newspaper Libération, whose own fact-checking unit broke the story.

The NGO SOS Racisme called for a judicial investigation.[348][349]

Germany
MeToo was not particularly popular in Germany until January 11, 2018, when it started trending after the Die Zeit weekly newspaper published reports about three German former actresses who alleged that award-winning TV director Dieter Wedel had committed sexual assault.[350][351] There have been official concerns about the alleged long-time coverup of Wedel's actions because most of his work was done through public broadcasting and received government money.[351] The report detailed a months-long investigation into the three allegations, and included 50 interviews.[350] Wedel has not responded to the allegations in Die Zeit, stating through a spokesperson he is in the hospital and having heart trouble.[351] Another high-profile German case concerned the former president of the Munich Academy of Music, Siegfried Mauser.[352] In a study of 2000 Germans conducted after the initial spread of #MeToo, it was found that 43% of women and 12% of men have experienced sexual harassment or abuse, most commonly inappropriate touching.[353]

Iran
In the Islamic Republic of Iran, Grand Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued a message stating the "disaster of countless sexual assaults on Western women – including incidents leading to #Metoo campaign" can be solved with the Islamic solution of hijab.[354][355]

India
Main article: Me Too movement (India)
The use of the #MeToo hashtag on social media spread quickly in India,[356][357] where sexual harassment is commonly referred to by the word 'eve-teasing', a term described as misleading, tame, and diluting the seriousness of the crime.[358] In response to #MeToo, there have been attempts to teach Indian women about workplace rights and safe reporting, as well as educate men about the scope of the problem.[356][359] Some have likened #MeToo to a 2012 social movement which followed a violent gang rape in New Delhi that later resulted in a woman's death, which caused the Indian government to institute harsher punishments for rape.[357][360][361] Others have suggested there was underlying public anger over a Delhi rape conviction that was overturned by Judge Ashutosh Kumar a month before against filmmaker and writer Mahmood Farooqui, ruling that a "feeble" no was not enough to revoke consent because it was typical for one partner to be less willing. The case is being appealed to the Supreme Court.[360][362] Activist Jasmeen Patheja, head of Blank Noise, stated #MeToo's power is in demonstrating India can no longer ignore the scope of the problem.[357] Kaimini Jaiswal, a lawyer at the Supreme Court of India, stressed the importance of teaching women how to read, especially in rural villages, because most women in these areas are illiterate and completely financially and emotionally dependent on a male relative.[361]

Blogger Sheena Dabholkar's viral #MeToo tweet resulted in the boycott of Khodu Irani's popular Pune pub, High Spirits, by several well-known performers.[356][363][364] Several women mentioned Mahesh Murthy, which initiated a police case in January 2018.[282][365] The Trends Desk of The Indian Express wrote many Indian men are speaking up as a part of #MeToo, including discussions about consent and how some men are also abused.[366][367] Rina Chandran of Reuters said #MeToo is ignoring the 600,000 women in India who are currently involuntary sex workers, and are typically poor, uneducated or lack a family.[368]

There were reports of mass sexual assaults during the 2018 new year's celebrations in Bangalore, which have been associated with #MeToo. The incidents were initially dismissed by the police until someone uploaded CCTV footage of the assaults to social media.[361] Home Minister G. Parameshwara, Abu Azmi, and other officials came under fire for stating "western" women's clothing and values were the cause of the rapes and that women's families should not allow them to go to parties or major celebrations.[361]

Several lists of alleged rapists and harassers started spreading on social media in India, including "The List" which initially included the names of about sixty highly respected academic men. The List of Sexual Harassers in Academia ("LoSHA") was posted on October 24, 2017, by activist Inji Pennu and an Indian student in California named Raya Sarkar, who alleged they personally confirmed every incident.[369][370] This list has resulted in criticism against #MeToo because the allegations were unverified before they started spreading on social media. Some of the victims from the list have come forward to explain they were ignored, mistreated or retaliated against when they tried to pursue action.[371] Sarkar has defended The List, saying that she posted it only to warn her friends about professors and academics to avoid (mostly upper caste men), and had no idea it could become so popular.[370] A second list came out a week later that was made by women from a lower caste background and included more names, raising the total to around 70.[369]

Twelve prominent Indian feminists dismissed The List in a formal letter, saying they understand that the justice system is typically tilted against victims, but unverified claims make things harder for the feminist movement.[369][372] Writers Rhea Dangwal and Namrata Gupta responded that most victims from the list were poor students who tried to go through official channels without success or recourse, while every single man on the list has the ability to defend himself socially and legally.[369]

On September 27, 2018, former actress Tanushree Dutta accused Nana Patekar of sexual harassment,[373] which was the catalyst of the "Me Too" movement in India. The accusation by Dutta stirred a row of accusations from many women in industries including media and politics.[374][375][376] In October 2018, the Minister of state for External Affairs, MJ Akbar was accused of sexual harassment by several female colleagues through the 'Me Too' Movement in India.[377]

On October 21, 2018, former music director Anu Malik was suspended from the jury panel of Indian Idol 2018, after facing multiple allegations of sexual harassment made through the movement.[378]

Israel
In Israel, the Hebrew hashtag גםאנחנו# (#UsToo) began trending on October 18, 2017, with a front page spread in the newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth.[302] Asi Levi said at the Ophir Award ceremony that unlike America, in Israel the status of those accused do not change.[379] A hashtag for men, #HowIWillChange, has also become popular.[380]

Palestine
#AnaKaman or وأنا كمان# (#MeToo) has also been used by Palestinian women from refugee camps.[381]

Italy
In Italy, women posted stories of assault and harassment under the hashtag #QuellaVoltaChe, which translates literally as "TheTimeThat".[382][383] The phrase was launched by the journalist Giulia Blasi.[384] Italian journalist Simona Siri wrote in The Washington Post that the initially popular movement quickly died out in Italy. She stated that Italian politician and former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who is known for his role in wild parties (Bunga Bunga bacchanals) with underage women and prostitutes,[385][386] has contributed to a strong sexist culture with few female politicians in positions of power.[177] Movie directors Fausto Brizzi and Giuseppe Tornatore were accused of harassment by more than a dozen women but did not face any significant consequences or media scrutiny.[387][177]

The New York Times described the movement in Italy as "Meh" due to the lack of discussion. Laura Boldrini, the president of the lower house of Parliament, has declared that the movement cannot touch Italy because although there is much harassment, victims are often silenced and there's also a belief that "in our country, there are no harassers".[385] It has been reported that nearly 70% of female university students have been sexually harassed, and it is widely accepted that Italy is behind other countries when it comes to gender rights.[386] In response to #QuellaVoltaChe, one article from Libero was titled, "First they put out, then they whine and pretend to regret it."[386]

Italian Fabrizio Lombardo, an employee and friend of Harvey Weinstein, was widely covered by the media after he was accused of allegations that he aided Weinstein in sexually harassing Italian actress and former model Asia Argento, though he denies all wrongdoing.[388] Argento said of Italy, "Nothing has changed", and described her life after going public with the allegations as living a nightmare. She has made plans to leave Italy. Conservative TV news editor Alessandro Sallusti [it] criticized Argento for being an accomplice to Weinstein for not reporting him immediately, and several other public figures and politicians questioned her innocence.[385]

The Non Una di Meno group (Not One Woman Less), which is dedicated to stopping violence against women, wrote a letter in support of Argento and organised a protest in November 2017 where tens of thousands of people gathered in Rome.[386] Blogger Abbatto i muri (I Break Down Walls), journalist Ida Dominijanni, Cagne sciolte (literally, Loose Bitches), and author Michela Marzano also strongly supported Argento publicly.[386] Italian women's rights activist Lorella Zanardo has stated that it is taken for granted that women must give or sell their body in order to get high-profile positions in politics, film, and media.[385]

Maria Elena Boschi, a politician who has created governmental initiatives aimed at teaching women it's okay to say no to sexual advances, has been targeted in the news and on social media for her support of the #QuellaVoltaChe movement.[384] She has been impersonated in several fake interviews where the actresses portray Boschi in unflattering ways.[385] There are also photoshopped images of Boschi that have been shared widely on social media, including a doctored image with her underwear showing during her swearing-in ceremony, which never occurred.[385][389] Francesca Puglisi, the chair of the Commission of Inquiry into Femicide in Italy, said that one women is killed every two days on average by male violence, and the problem is severely under-reported, though credited the #QuellaVoltaChe hashtag and the work by Boschi for making a positive difference.[390]

Japan
Although the #MeToo movement started out relatively small in Japan, it appears to be picking up steam.[391] There is evidence that just 4% of rape victims in Japan report the crime, and the charges are dropped about half the time.[160] BuzzFeed Japan has started a #MeToo page featuring articles about the movement in Japan.[392] Journalist and author Shiori Itō published an article in Politico about the state of #MeToo in Japan. She has stated, "It's not that victims haven't come forward; Japanese society wants them to stay silent." Two famous authors, Kyoko Nakajima and Mayumi Mori, have written in Asahi newspaper with criticism of Japan's silence on this matter.[160] Takumi Harimaya wrote about the #MeToo movement in BuzzFeed Japan, stating she believes it could make a difference if the idea spreads, and sharing stories of victims, including what happened to popular blogger Hakuo Au (née Haruka Ito) at the hands of Mr Kishi Yuki.[393] Other writers such as Kirsten King and Akiko Kobayashi have shared their #MeToo stories to Japanese audiences.[394][395]

Harimaya writes how the #MeToo movement has shown several women that they are not alone as they feared, and that many women are experiencing the same sexual violence and harassment.[393] Keiko Kojima of Buzzfeed Japan says that #MeToo is needed in Japan because sexual harassment is baked into Japanese society, and the movement is about the fact that it is okay to say no to sexual violence. She said growing up that she felt getting molested on the train was an unavoidable as mosquito bites in the summer, and she hopes that #MeToo gives more victims the ability to find their voice, including male victims. She says that, despite how it is attacked in Japanese media, that #MeToo is not an "anti-man" campaign, it is simply about anti-violence and anti-harassment. She also believes it is extremely important for men to call out behaviors in others such as sexual harassment or having sex with someone who is unconscious. Therefore, every person who is not committing sexual violence is part of the #MeToo movement, whether they are male or female.[396]

Shiori Itō notes that the word "rape" is taboo in Japan, and is typically described with less threatening words such as saying an underage victim was "tricked" or a woman was "violated" to describe what happened, which Ito says contributes to the public not understanding the full extent of the problem.[160] The legal age of consent in Japan is 13. She says women in Japan are regularly exposed to harassment from a young age, and recalls being groped by a man at a swimming pool when she was 10 only to be blamed herself for wearing a "cute bikini". She states that harassment on public transportation is commonplace, and she remembers dealing with it every day in high school.[160][397]

As part of the #MeToo movement, Shiori Itō went public alleging that she was raped by Noriyuki Yamaguchi [jp], a prominent TV journalist and acquaintance of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe,[398] an admission she says was unthinkable for a woman to do in Japan. Yamaguchi rejects her accusations, and says that sex was consensual.[398] She said her experience with Japan's legal system showed her that victims of sex crimes were undermined and ignored. She called for the Japanese parliament to update Japan's laws regarding rape, which were over a century old. She explains how she could not get information on which hospital provides rape kits without going through a preliminary interview in person. When she went to the police, she was discouraged from filing a report, and informed her career would be ruined for no reason if she did this. She was told she did not act like a victim, and had to be interviewed by several officers, including one who made her reenact the rape with a dummy while he took pictures. Although they initially said they would arrest Yamaguchi, the case and charges were unexpectedly dropped. Itō then went to the media, but no one would take her story. When she spoke about the experience at a press conference, she made national news and immediately started receiving a negative backlash, hate mail, and threats.[160][399] She has been unsuccessful in her attempts to have criminal charges brought against Yamaguchi, but as of 2018 she was still pursuing a civil case against him, which he was defending.[398]

In 2018, Junichi Fukuda, a deputy finance minister in the Abe Administration, resigned after being accused of sexual harassment by his former subordinates.[400] A former member of the Japanese idol group Niji no Conquistador pressed charges against Pixiv representative director, Hiroaki Nagata, for sexual harassment during her time with the group, motivated by the #MeToo movement.[401] Nagata resigned following the lawsuit.[402]

Kenya
When #MeToo first went viral in October 2017, coverage was overshadowed in Kenya by a presidential election that was occurring the next week.[403] However, the #MeToo movement started slowly spreading in Kenya after the election was over.[403] In January 2018, it became especially popular after several new mothers alleged sexual misconduct at Kenyatta National Hospital, claiming that after giving birth they have been sexually assaulted when they went alone to breastfeed.[404] There were also allegations that children in the hospital have been sexually assaulted.[404] The hospital announced that the women were all lying, but in the future, women should stay together in groups in the hospital to prevent sexual assault. In response, hundreds of people began protesting in the streets of in Nairobi, Kenya, and an investigation was initiated by the health minister.[405]

Nepal
Former Mayor of Kathmandu, Keshav Sthapit has been accused of sexual harassment by two female office clerks of the Kathmandu Metropolitan Office, Rashmila Prajapati and Ujjwala Maharjan, as a part of the Me Too movement in Nepal.[406][407][408]

Nigeria
Culture
Nigerian women and children get sexually assaulted every day and do not speak up about it due to fear of stigmatisation and prejudice.[409] Official silence seems to surround sexual abuse of women in Nigeria, with the police frequently not taking sexual abuse reports seriously.[410] As a result, men, who are often the perpetrators of sexual abuse go unchallenged, and unpunished owing to factors such as culture and popular beliefs.[410] The custom of victim blaming is evident in testimonies rape and sexual abuse survivors.[409] Nigerian cultures look down on the open discussions of sexual matters and desires.[410] A great deal of the pressure to remain silent stems from socio-cultural values, customs and expectations about what constitutes socially accepted behaviours.[411] Cultural socialisation recognises men as having a naturally stronger sexual drive, and speaks of women in terms of shame, lack of interest in sexual matters and as the to be conquered by a domineering man.[410] Nigerians are socially nurtured and fed by oppressive patriarchal subjectivities that try to instil a sense of what is normal: sexually-speaking.[411]

Role of power and privilege
There is a factor of power influencing the slow growth of the movement in Nigeria. The country is a highly patriarchal society.[412] Women have complained of how unimaginable it is in the country to report cases of harassment.[413] Yet, sexual harassment is so prominent within the country that it is perceived as almost a right to men.[413]

Brenda Uphopho case
She had been assaulted three times by three different men. The first incident took place at age five. At that time, she was too young to understand what happened until she turned 18 when she encountered a similar incident again. She was at a party when a stranger forced her to have sex with him. Upon her refusal, he beat her up and raped her. Due to the stigma attached to being raped, she resorted to silence. The final experience took place at her workplace when her boss forcibly put his hand under her skirt. She still remained silent with the notion of not being believed and being judged by others. Realizing she could not remain silent and needed to make an impact, Uphopho currently works with her husband to break the "culture of silence" around abuse in Nigeria. They produced a play called "Shattered" which seeks to encourage victims of sexual abuse to speak up.[414]

Norway
In Norway, under the hashtag #stilleforopptak (en. SilentforRecording), almost 600 actresses signed a petition and shared their stories through Aftenposten on November 16, 2017.[415] This also inspired dancers and musicians to create their own petitions, #nårdansenstopper (en. WhentheDanceStops) signed by 792 dancers,[416] and #nårmusikkenstilner (en. WhentheMusicQuiets) signed by over 1110 musicians.[417]

Trond Giske, the deputy leader of the Norwegian Labour Party and a former cabinet minister in Norway, resigned from his political positions on January 7, 2018, after being accused of an extensive pattern of sexual assault and sexual harassment of young women, and of taking advantage of his political positions to make unwanted sexual advances.[418] The accusations came in the context of the Me Too debate and dominated Norwegian media for several weeks from December 2017.[419] Accusations towards the now former leader of the Norwegian Young Conservatives, Kristian Tonning Riise, also saw the light of day. In a Facebook post, Tonning Riise wrote: "I have been confronted with the fact that members of the Norwegian Young Conservatives on several occasions have reacted to my behaviour."[420] It would later be revealed that the Conservative Party had received 15 alerts, whereas 10 of them regarded Tonning Riise.[421] Ulf Leirstein, Norwegian politician for the Progress Party and member of the Storting, had to take a break from office after it was discovered that he had shared pornographic images with a 14-year-old member of the Progress Party's Youth in addition to suggesting a threesome between him, a 30-year-old woman and a 15-year-old member of the Progress Party's Youth.[422]

Pakistan
Zainab rape-murder case
After the death of 7-year-old Zainab Ansari in January 2018, who was raped and killed, there began a wave of declarations on Pakistan social media in #MeToo style.[405] Sexual assault against minor in Pakistan will result in 14 to 20 years in prison and a fine of 1 millions rupees.[423][424][425][426] Sheema Kermani, a classical dancer, has been called the leader of the Pakistan #MeToo movement.[427] Former model Frieha Altaf and designer Maheem Khan shared stories of sexual abuse, and challenged Pakistan to be more proactive at stopping children from getting raped.[405]

Film industry
Protests[428] marked the premieres of Teefa in Trouble in Karachi and Lahore by activists who boycotted the film over the sexual harassment allegations leveled against Ali Zafar by Meesha Shafi, as well as at least half a dozen other women, earlier in the year.[429] Zafar categorically denied the allegations and sued Shafi for defamation in the court where the case is ongoing.[430][431] On the other hand, Shafi had also filed a harassment case against Zafar, which, itself, is an ongoing investigation.[432]

With hashtags such as #BoycottAliZafar, #BoycottTeefainTrouble, and #TeefaisTrouble, a huge wave of activists built a momentum on social media ahead of the movie's premiere and subsequent screenings. A few major Pakistani media outlets outright ignored the demonstrations but other had to give in when protestors turned up at cinemas and police and other law enforcement agencies got involved.[433]

Zafar reportedly also had to avoid his grand arrival at the film's Karachi premiere and take a detour through the basement at Nueplex Cinemas in DHA, Karachi, in order to avoid the hoard of demonstrators who had gathered at the venue's main entrance.[434][435] During the protest, Feroze Khan, an actor and Zafar's friend, returned from inside the cinema in an attempt to sway the protestors by telling them to support "Pakistani cinema"; however, he was turned away owing to his stance, to which he responded by making obscene gestures.[436][437]

Reports had also emerged that the Nueplex Cinemas’ security manhandled some of the demonstrators and verbally abused multiple people at the protest.[438]

Protestors again showed up at Lahore's CineStar for voice their anger and disappointment at both the promotion of the film of an alleged harasser and the celebrities pouring in to support him. The controversy deepened when, in one instance, the demonstrators asked Waleed Zaman, the creative director of women's clothing brand Kayseria, the reason why he was backing the film, to which Zaman responded by saying: “We support sexual harassment of women.”[439][440]

Zaman later posted and deleted multiple apologies on his social media accounts.

At yet another screening of the film at Nueplex Cinemas at Rashid Minhas Road, Karachi, protestors were allegedly held in the basement and beaten by the cinema's private security, with various media reports confirming the incident.[441][442] The demonstrators’ phones were also confiscated and the cinema's security allegedly tried to plant incriminating evidence in one of the protestors' bags in order to make their case appear stronger to police.[431] However, they were let go later after the arrival of Rangers personnel.

Stand-up comedy
At least four women leveled allegations of sexual misconduct against Junaid Akram, a prominent stand-up comedian and vlogger.[443] Most of the accusers were girls in their teens and early twenties. Akram, too, denied "all allegations of sexual harassment and sexual misconduct", labeled them "false", and announced that he intended to pursue legal actions as he had "already met my legal team".[444]

Akram also clarified that his "marital status is public information".[445]

Charity sector
The son of world-renowned late philanthropist Abdul Sattar Edhi, Faisal Edhi, who now heads the Edhi Foundation, was also accused of sexual misconduct by a former journalist.,[444][446] who said the man "grabbed my hand tightly and tried to kind of pull me back into the van". Faisal Edhi has denied the claims.[447]

Philippines
The Me Too movement has slowly picked up in the Philippines. In the culture of the Philippines, shaming and victim blaming are still present and is often encouraged.[448] They are afraid to say #MeToo because people do not believe them. Stories finally began to come about after actress Saab Magalona retweeted Alyssa Milano's infamous quote.[449] The accusations revolved around the entertainment industry as one of the bands, Jensen and The Flips was being brought up and they acknowledged their mistakes and apologized for their misconduct.[449] Statistics from the Philippine Commission on Women from 2004 to 2013 revealed that only 629 cases had been recorded with the Philippine national police's Women and Children Protection Center.[449] This figure is believed to only be a fraction of the actual number of harassment offenses committed against women. While the movement has not been as big as in the U.S., other movements such as #BabaeAko have started as a result of #MeToo. #BabaeAko translates to "I am a Woman" and began in May after President Rodrigo Duterte declared that the next Chief Justice of Philippines could not be a woman.[450]

South Korea
In South Korea, the Me Too movement started to gain momentum as public prosecutor Seo Ji-hyeon shared her experience of assault by a high-level prosecutor and oppression of government authorities on national television on January 29, 2018.[451] As part of her interview, Seo claimed that she was sexually assaulted by then Korean Ministry of Justice Policy Planning Director and former prosecutor Ahn Tae-geun at a funeral in 2010. She reported the activity to her superiors, however, her superiors covered up the incident and demoted her to Changwon Public Prosecutor's Office from her post in Seoul, in spite of the fact that she was highly praised and awarded for her work performance by her superiors prior to the incident.[452]

After Seo's public admittance of sexual assault, the Me Too movement spread quickly to other areas of society. On February 13, 2018, several women, including former actress Kim Soo-hee and actress Hong Seon-joo, accused Lee Yountaek, a prominent and critically acclaimed stage director, of sexual harassment.[453] Lee allegedly forced many women in his theater troupe, for 18 years, to massage his genital area prior to raping them.[454] In addition, Kim Soo-hee stated that in 2005, Lee raped her and got her pregnant, for which she had an abortion.[455] Moreover, actress Hong Seon-joo alleged that Lee forcibly penetrated her private part with sticks and wooden chopsticks, saying it will help her vocalization.[456] As a result, Lee resigned from all his positions in the theater world and formally apologized to the victims.[457][458] Lee admitted to all his crimes except the abortion.[459]

On February 22, 2018, actor Oh Dal-su was accused of sexual harassment,[460][461][462] for which he denied the accusation.[463] However, February 26, further accusations against Oh were broadcast on JTBC Newsroom, during which an interview was conducted with the woman who had accused Oh of sexual harassment and sexual assault.[464][465] Moreover, on February 27's episode of JTBC's Newsroom, actress Uhm Ji-young came forward to say that she was also sexually harassed by Oh in 2003.[466][467] As a result, Oh pulled out of his upcoming TV series My Mister.[468][469]


Jo Min-ki, accused by several students of sexual assault, committed suicide following the allegations.
Also on February 22, 2018, students in Cheongju University in Korea divulged the long-time crimes of professor and actor, Jo Min-ki. At first, he denied his crimes and dismissed them as rumors.[470][471] However, as many other students, including fellow male students accusing him of such exploitation, he admitted to the allegations and apologized publicly.[472] It was confirmed that Jo would be investigated by the police.[473] On March 9, 2018, Jo committed suicide following his scandal,[474][475] which in turn triggered backlash against the Me Too movement in South Korea.[476]

On February 23, 2018, actress Choi Yul accused actor Cho Jae-hyun of assaulting her sexually.[477] On February 24, Cho acknowledged the accusations.[478]

On February 28, 2018, Ko Un, one of South Korea's most iconic and prominent poets and frequently mentioned Nobel laureate shortlist candidate, was also accused of sexual assault. First reported by the Dong-A Ilbo, poet Choi Young-mi's poem 'The Beast' suggests sexual assault by Ko approximately 20 years ago. The poem did not explicitly mention Ko, but the details of the frequently mentioned "En", which bears similarities to Ko's name – Ko Un – highly matches the accused poet's past.[479] It also confirms the constant rumors and allegations that has been circulating in the past years that Ko has been using his privilege as a prominent poet to gain sexual advances and favors. As a result, Ko was pulled from textbooks and critically denounced by fellow literaries alike. Ko also resigned from various posts that he held, including his professorship at KAIST. On March 2, 2018 Ko offered his statement to The Guardian through UK publishers Bloodaxe Books, writing that "he had ‘done nothing which might bring shame on my wife or myself."[480] Despite the denial, more allegations are emerging against Ko.

As more public figures are being denounced across society, there has been an increased number of celebrities accused of unwanted sexual advances and activities in the Korean television and cinematic industries, including Choi Il-hwa and Kim Heung-gook.[481][482][483][484]

On March 5, 2018, prominent Democratic Party of Korea presidential contender and former Chungcheongnam-do province Governor Ahn Hee-jung resigned from the governorship and announced his retirement from public service, as his former secretary Kim Ji-eun accused him of multiple cases of sexual assault.[485] She claims that Ahn assaulted her multiple times and said that there is more than one victim inside the Governor's office. Ahn admitted about his sexual activity to his former secretary and apologized, however claimed that it was consensual. He was expelled from his party on the same day.[486][487][488]

A female executive of Hyundai resigned due to the movement.[489]

Spain
The Spanish-language counterpart is #YoTambién. In Spain, on October 25 several Spanish actresses recognized in a report the existence of sexual harassment in Spanish cinema, among them Maru Valdivieso, Aitana Sánchez-Gijón, Carla Hidalgo, and Ana Gracía.[490] Also explaining cases of harassment suffered by them were the actress, scriptwriter and film director Leticia Dolera[491] and Bárbara Rey.[492] The Me Too movement found an echo in the ongoing uproar raised by La Manada case, crystallizing in numerous protests across the country.[493]

Sweden
In Sweden, several women used the hashtag to confront television presenter Martin Timell,[494] whose shows on TV4 were cancelled on October 20, 2017,[495][496] and journalist Fredrik Virtanen's[497] alleged abuse towards them. Carl XVI Gustaf, king of Sweden, said #MeToo is a positive movement that is good for society, and urged victims to come forward and share their stories.[282][498]

A major part of the Me Too debate in Sweden focused on the affair surrounding Jean-Claude Arnault that led to several members of the Swedish Academy leaving their positions.[499][500]

Gender studies scholar Eva Lundgren and legal scholar Jenny Westerstrand wrote that the Swedish journalistic profession bore a large part of the blame in Sweden for the problems the Me Too debate had highlighted because Swedish journalists had systematically attacked critical discussion of and research on men's violence against women for over 20 years.[501] Ellinor Skagegård in the Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet wrote that during the Me Too campaign, it looks as if Lundgren was right in her research on men's violence against women.[502]

United Kingdom
[icon]	
This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (February 2018)
In the wake of #MeToo, a Labour activist shared her 2011 story of being raped by a senior person in the Labour Party, but being warned that her career could be damaged if she reported the incident.[503] In the UK, the Cabinet Office has launched an investigation in allegations that Parliament member Mark Garnier ordered a secretary to buy sex toys for his wife and mistress.[504]

A series of allegations concerning the involvement of British politicians in cases of sexual harassment and assault arose in October and November 2017, the 2017 Westminster sexual scandals. Allegations were prompted by discussions among junior staff employed in the UK Parliament at Westminster following the Harvey Weinstein sexual abuse allegations in Hollywood earlier in October, and the subsequent rise of Me Too. The journalists Jane Merrick and Kate Maltby made allegations against the Defence Minister Michael Fallon and de facto Deputy Prime Minister Damian Green, respectively. These led to the departures of both from Theresa May's cabinet, the latter after a two-month inquiry that also considered allegations that Green had lied about copious amounts of pornography found on his parliamentary computer. Both Merrick and Maltby cited the #MeToo movement as inspiring their allegations.[505]

Rape statistics (2016–2017) from Rape Crisis Centers across England and Wales unfolds that every year, about 85,000 women and 12,000 men become victims of rape.[506]

In January 2018, Channel 4 News's Cathy Newman conducted an interview on Canadian professor of psychology Jordan Peterson.[507] Newman was criticized for the interview and Rachael Revesz of The Independent wrote that subsequent abuse targeted at Newman was a symbol of a backlash against the MeToo movement.[508]

See also
Believe women
2017–18 United States political sexual scandals
Hashtag activism
Ele Não movement
Spasime movement
References
 "From Politics to Policy: Turning the Corner on Sexual Harassment – Center for American Progress". Center for American Progress. January 31, 2018. Retrieved April 14, 2018.
 Edwards, Stephanie Zacharek, Eliana Dockterman, Haley Sweetland. "TIME Person of the Year 2018: The Silence Breakers". Time. Retrieved April 14, 2018.
 Strause, Jackie (August 20, 2018). "Tarana Burke Responds to Asia Argento Report: "There Is No Model Survivor"". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved October 12, 2018.
 Smartt, Nicole. "Sexual Harassment in the Workplace in A #MeToo World". Forbes. Archived from the original on January 16, 2018. Retrieved January 16, 2018.
 "TIME'S EDITOR-IN-CHIEF ON WHY THE SILENCE BREAKERS ARE THE PERSON OF THE YEAR".
 Carlsen, Audrey. "#MeToo Brought Down 201 Powerful Men. Nearly Half of Their Replacements are Women". Retrieved October 23, 2018.
 Chuck, Elizabeth (October 16, 2017). "#MeToo: Alyssa Milano promotes hashtag that becomes anti-harassment rallying cry". NBC News. Archived from the original on October 16, 2017. Retrieved October 16, 2017.
 "Weinstein". FRONTLINE. Retrieved July 12, 2018.
 Khomami, Nadia (October 20, 2017). "#MeToo: how a hashtag became a rallying cry against sexual harassment". The Guardian. Archived from the original on November 21, 2017.
 Guerra, Cristela (October 17, 2017). "Where'd the "Me Too" initiative really come from? Activist Tarana Burke, long before hashtags – The Boston Globe". Boston Globe. Archived from the original on October 17, 2017. Retrieved October 18, 2017.
 "Celebrities Share Stories of Sexual Assault for #MeToo Campaign". Vogue. Archived from the original on December 29, 2017. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 Bonos, Lisa (October 19, 2017). "Analysis | Not everyone with a #MeToo is posting their story. Here's why some are refraining". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Archived from the original on December 20, 2017. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 Fernandez, Matt (October 17, 2017). "Jennifer Lawrence Says Producer Put Her in 'Naked Lineup,' Told Her to Lose Weight". Variety. Archived from the original on October 26, 2017. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 "Uma Thurman channels 'Kill Bill' character, says Harvey Weinstein doesn't even "deserve a bullet"". Newsweek. November 24, 2017. Archived from the original on December 13, 2017. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 Ohlheiser, Abby (October 19, 2017). "The woman behind 'Me Too' knew the power of the phrase when she created it – 10 years ago". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on October 19, 2017. Retrieved October 20, 2017.
 Leah, Rachel (October 17, 2017). "Hollywood's brightest join the 10-year-old #MeToo movement, but will that change anything?". Salon. Archived from the original on October 17, 2017. Retrieved October 17, 2017.
 Shugerman, Emily (October 17, 2017). "Me Too: Why are women sharing stories of sexual assault and how did it start?". The Independent. Archived from the original on October 18, 2017. Retrieved October 17, 2017.
 "Russian women speak up about sexual abuse". Arizona Daily Star. Associated Press. July 20, 2016 – via Newspapers.com.
 "My story of sexual abuse is changing perceptions in Ukraine". BBC. August 29, 2016.
 "Russian and Ukrainian women's sexual abuse stories go viral". The Guardian. July 8, 2016.
 Aripova, Feruza; Johnson, Janet Elise (September 2018). "The Ukrainian-Russian Virtual Flashmob against Sexual Assault". The Journal of Social Policy Studies: 487–500. doi:10.17323/727-0634-2018-16-3-487-500 – via ResearchGate.
 D'Zurilla, Christie (October 16, 2017). "In saying #MeToo, Alyssa Milano pushes awareness campaign about sexual assault and harassment". Los Angeles Times. Tronc. Archived from the original on October 17, 2017. Retrieved October 17, 2017.
 Jenson, Erin. "Alyssa Milano talks violent sexual assault at concert when she was 19: 'I couldn't breathe'". USA today. Retrieved March 26, 2019.
 Ohlheiser, Abby (October 16, 2017). "#MeToo made the scale of sexual abuse go viral. But is it asking too much of survivors?". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on January 5, 2018. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 "The #MeToo movement's due-process problem". The Denver Post. March 9, 2018. Retrieved July 12, 2018.
 Tribune, Chicago. "The #MeToo Movement has thrown due process out the window". Chicago Tribune. Retrieved July 12, 2018.
 Sini, Rozina (October 16, 2017). "'MeToo' and the scale of sexual abuse". BBC News. Archived from the original on November 7, 2017.
 France, Lisa Respers (October 16, 2017). "#MeToo: Social media flooded with personal stories of assault". CNN. Archived from the original on October 16, 2017. Retrieved October 16, 2017.
 CNN, Cassandra Santiago and Doug Criss. "An activist, a little girl and the heartbreaking origin of 'Me too'". CNN. Archived from the original on October 17, 2017. Retrieved October 18, 2017.
 "More than 12M 'Me Too' Facebook posts, comments, reactions in 24 hours". CBS News. October 17, 2017. Archived from the original on October 24, 2017. Retrieved October 23, 2017.
 Rife, Katie. "An incomplete, depressingly long list of celebrities' sexual assault and harassment stories [UPDATED]". The A.V. Club. Archived from the original on October 17, 2017. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 Mumford, Gwilym (October 11, 2017). "Actor Terry Crews: I was sexually assaulted by Hollywood executive". The Guardian. Archived from the original on October 29, 2017. Retrieved October 29, 2017.
 Leah, Rachel. "James Van Der Beek's story of sexual abuse is a powerful reminder that men can be victims too". Salon. Archived from the original on October 17, 2017. Retrieved October 18, 2017.
 Graham, Ruth (October 17, 2017). "Why the #MeToo Moment Is Liberating, Dispiriting, and Uncomfortable All at Once". Slate. Archived from the original on October 17, 2017. Retrieved October 18, 2017.
 "Lady Gaga, Sheryl Crow and More Tweet #MeToo To Raise Awareness for Sexual Assault". Billboard. Archived from the original on November 1, 2017. Retrieved October 30, 2017.
 Neill, Ushma S. "When Scientists Say, "Me, Too"". Scientific American. Archived from the original on October 26, 2017.
 Gordon, Maggie (October 19, 2017). "'Me Too' the 'end of the beginning' of a movement". Houston Chronicle. Archived from the original on October 23, 2017. Retrieved October 23, 2017.
 Wang, Amy B. (October 21, 2017). "Senators say #MeToo: McCaskill, others share their stories of sexual harassment". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on October 21, 2017. Retrieved October 22, 2017.
 "How Companies Must Adapt in the #MeToo Era". Motto. Archived from the original on February 1, 2018. Retrieved January 30, 2018.
 "#MeToo movement puts pressure on U.S. banks to disclose diversity data". Reuters. January 30, 2018. Archived from the original on January 30, 2018. Retrieved January 30, 2018.
 "Emma Thompson's letter to Skydance: Why I can't work for John Lasseter". February 26, 2019. Archived from the original on March 2, 2019.
 "#ChurchToo Urges Twitter Users to Address Abuse at Church". Time. Archived from the original on December 31, 2017. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 Paasch, Hannah (December 4, 2017). "Sexual Abuse Happens In #ChurchToo – We're Living Proof". HuffPost. Archived from the original on December 6, 2017. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 James, Carolyn Custis (January 3, 2018). "The Silence Breakers: A Kairos Moment for the Church". HuffPost. Archived from the original on January 25, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 "Women Speak Up in #SilenceIsNotSpiritual Campaign". CT Women. Archived from the original on December 24, 2017. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 "#Churchtoo: Apology of Evangelical Pastor Accused of Sexual Assault Shows Why Sorry Isn't Enough". Religion Dispatches. January 16, 2018. Archived from the original on January 18, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 Gjelten, Tom. "Amid #MeToo, Evangelicals Grapple With Misconduct in Their Own Churches". Archived from the original on January 25, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 "Big coverage of Memphis pastor and woman he assaulted provides perfect #ChurchToo hook". GetReligion. Archived from the original on January 12, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 Inglis, Tom (2014). Are the Irish Different?. Manchester University Press. pp. 99–109.
 Press, Associated (March 1, 2017). "University of California releases details on 113 employee sexual misconduct cases". CBS News. Retrieved October 22, 2018.
 [1][dead link]
 Harriman, Pat (June 28, 2018). "UCI proposes new name for School of Biological Sciences, science library after internal investigation substantiates sexual harassment claims against signature donor". UCI News. Retrieved June 28, 2018.
 Flaherty, Colleen (July 2, 2018). "Professor, Donor, Harasser". Inside Higher Education. Retrieved July 2, 2018.
 Watanabe, Teresa (June 28, 2018). "Acclaimed UC Irvine geneticist who gave millions to the campus resigns due to sexual harassment". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 28, 2018.
 Wadman, Meredith (June 29, 2018). "Prominent geneticist out at UC Irvine after harassment finding". Science Magazine. Retrieved June 29, 2018.
 Gillman, Howard (June 28, 2018). "Important Message Regarding Francisco J. Ayala". Office of the Chancellor. Retrieved June 28, 2018.
 Watanabe, Teresa (June 28, 2018). "Banishment of an acclaimed UC Irvine professor sparks debate over whether #MeToo can go too far". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved October 22, 2018.
 "Report to the Board of Trustees of The Hotchkiss School" (PDF). The Hotchkiss School. August 28, 2018. Retrieved August 28, 2018.
 Pearce, Matt (August 28, 2018). "UC Irvine professor resigns after allegation of sexual misconduct with underage boarding-school student in the 1970s". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved August 28, 2018.
 Watanabe, Teresa (September 7, 2018). "Former UC Irvine vice chancellor committed sex discrimination by paying women less than men, review finds". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved September 8, 2018.
 Smith, Paige. "Sciences Address Harassment; #MeTooSTEM Wants Funds Cut Too (1)". news.bloomberglaw.com. Retrieved January 14, 2019.
 Reporter, Deirdre Fernandes-. "#MeToo activist BethAnn McLaughlin is focused on scientists – The Boston Globe". Boston Globe. Retrieved January 14, 2019.
 "Tarana Burke, BethAnn McLaughlin, and Sherry Marts win 2018 Media Lab Disobedience Award". MIT News. Retrieved January 14, 2019.
 "#MeToo Leaders To Get MIT Disobedience Award". November 27, 2018. Retrieved January 14, 2019.
 MacKinnon, Catharine A.; Siegel, Reva B., eds. (November 10, 2003). Directions in Sexual Harassment Law. doi:10.12987/yale/9780300098006.001.0001. ISBN 9780300098006.
 "City's #MeToo moment is tipping point and catalyst". Reuters. January 25, 2018. Archived from the original on January 26, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 Brinded, Lianna. "Why the financial world and big business will never have a #MeToo moment". Quartz. Archived from the original on January 26, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 "Morgan Stanley knew of abuse allegations against Lake Oswego broker: report". The Oregonian. Retrieved March 30, 2018.
 Gillian Tan and Katia Porzecanski (December 3, 2018). "Wall Street Rule for the #MeToo Era: Avoid Women at All Cost". Bloomberg News. Retrieved December 4, 2018.
 Tareen, Sophia. "Latest Front in Weinstein Scandal: Statehouses Say 'Me Too'". US News and World Report. Archived from the original on October 26, 2017. Retrieved October 25, 2017.
 Cadei, Emily. "Few in Washington are saying #MeToo. California congresswoman wants to change that". The Miami Herald. Archived from the original on October 26, 2017. Retrieved October 25, 2017.
 "Movement spreads in Spain". RL. Archived from the original on February 1, 2018.
 Payne, Sebastian (October 30, 2017). "Will sexual harassment in Westminster be as big as MPs expenses?". Financial Times. Archived from the original on November 5, 2017. Retrieved November 5, 2017.
 Stewart, Heather (October 31, 2017). "Michael Fallon sorry for 'unwelcome' behaviour against female journalist". The Guardian. Archived from the original on November 5, 2017. Retrieved November 5, 2017.
 "'Parliament sex pest row' as PM vows to take action". BBC News. November 1, 2017. Archived from the original on November 26, 2017. Retrieved November 1, 2017.
 Kovaleski, Tony; Murray, Jon (February 27, 2018). "Denver mayor admits he sent suggestive text messages to police officer in 2012. "Who do you tell if he's at the top?" she says". The Denver Post. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
 Davis Richardson (December 5, 2017). "Battered by Sexual Harassment Allegations, John Conyers Resigns From Congress". The New York Observer. Retrieved January 15, 2019. Conyers is the first sitting politician ousted from office in the wake of the #MeToo movement
 David Weigel (August 3, 2018). "Race for John Conyers Jr.'s House seat simmers with anger over treatment of him and of Detroit". The Washington Post. Retrieved January 14, 2019. still missed former congressman John Conyers Jr. She hadn't gotten over the way the #MeToo movement brought him down.
 McKinley Noble (November 26, 2017). "Civil rights hero and Democrat John Conyers has been felled by #MeToo". Quartz. Retrieved January 15, 2019. This makes Conyers just the latest politician to fall to the #MeToo movement
 "'Me Too' Legislation Aims To Combat Sexual Harassment in Congress". NPR. Archived from the original on January 21, 2018. Retrieved January 22, 2018.
 "House unveils landmark sexual harassment overhaul bill". NBC News. Archived from the original on January 22, 2018. Retrieved January 22, 2018.
 Marcos, Cristina (November 15, 2017). "Lawmakers unveil 'ME TOO Congress' bill to overhaul sexual harassment policies". TheHill. Archived from the original on December 23, 2017. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 "House unveils sweeping harassment overhaul after wave of scandals". POLITICO. Archived from the original on January 22, 2018. Retrieved January 22, 2018.
 "Bill Changes How Congressional Sexual Harassment Claims Are Handled". NPR. Archived from the original on January 22, 2018. Retrieved January 22, 2018.
 "The #MeToo Moment: For U.S. Gymnasts, Why Did Justice Take So Long?". The New York Times. January 25, 2018. ISSN 0362-4331. Archived from the original on January 26, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 Meyers, Dvora. "It Began With Rachael Denhollander And It Ends With Her". Deadspin. Archived from the original on January 25, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 Stewart, Breanna (October 30, 2017). "Me Too". The Players' Tribune. Retrieved January 31, 2019.
 "Hong Kong hurdler Vera Lui's claim that a coach sexually assaulted her when she was 13 sparks outcry, police probe". South China Morning Post. November 30, 2017.
 "Hong Kong hurdler Vera Lui's ex-coach arrested for sexual assault". Diario AS. January 31, 2018.
 "【教練性侵案】田徑教練黃恆脫非禮罪 官讚女學員勇敢望裁決不影響metoo運動". Apple Daily Hong Kong. November 16, 2018.
 "Trainer's settlement involved more than Manning's mooning". Augusta Chronicle. Associated Press. August 20, 1997.
 "USATODAY.com – Peyton Manning defamation lawsuit resolved". USA Today.
 McCann, Michael (February 14, 2016). "Documents reveal more litigation in Manning case". Sports Illustrated.
 Launer, John (February 1, 2018). "Sexual harassment of women in medicine: a problem for men to address". Postgraduate Medical Journal. 94 (1108): 129–130. doi:10.1136/postgradmedj-2018-135554. ISSN 0032-5473. PMID 29378917.
 "Women in Medicine Say #MeToo, Report 'Appalling' Experiences | Institute for Healthcare Policy and Innovation". ihpi.umich.edu. Retrieved February 18, 2018.
 "Reshma Jagsi: Radiology's expert on sexual harassment of women in medicine". Health Imaging. Retrieved February 18, 2018.
 Isaacs, David (2018). "Sexual harassment". Journal of Paediatrics and Child Health. 54 (4): 341–342. doi:10.1111/jpc.13877. ISSN 1440-1754. PMID 29383784.
 "R. Kelly and beyond: How predatory music producers prey on female artists". USA TODAY.
 Roth, Madeline. "Jessie Reyez Feels Conflicted About How Intensely People Resonate With 'Gatekeeper'". MTV News.
 Jenson, Erin. "Alyssa Milano talks violent sexual assault at concert when she was 19: 'I couldn't breathe'". USA today. Retrieved March 26, 2019.
 "Lady Gaga, Sheryl Crow and More Tweet #MeToo To Raise Awareness for Sexual Assault". Billboard.
 Smith, Amy. "Amanda Palmer reveals powerful video for 'Mr Weinstein Will See You Now' on anniversary of #MeToo". NME. Retrieved March 26, 2019.
 Sheetz, Janelle. "Amanda Palmer contributes to #MeToo movement with new song 'Mr.Weinstein Will See You Now'". AXS.
 Director James Toback accused of sexual harassment by 38 women Archived October 23, 2017, at the Wayback Machine Travis M. Andrews, The Washington Post, October 23, 2017
 Aswad, Jem (October 24, 2017). "Alice Glass Accuses Former Crystal Castles Bandmate of Sexual Assault, Abuse". Variety. Archived from the original on October 25, 2017. Retrieved October 25, 2017.
 Vincent, Alice (October 25, 2017). "Crystal Castles' Ethan Kath has denied claims by bandmate Alice Glass that he raped and abused her for years". The Telegraph. Archived from the original on October 25, 2017. Retrieved October 25, 2017.
 Marshall, P. David (1997). Celebrity and Power: Fame in Contemporary Culture. U of Minnesota Press. ISBN 9780816627257.
 "See Rousing Women's March Speeches from Halsey, Viola Davis and More". Rolling Stone. Retrieved February 19, 2018.
 "#MeToo movement causes Cleveland radio station to stop playing 'Baby It's Cold Outside'". NBC4i. NBC4. November 30, 2018. Retrieved December 4, 2018.
 Gross, Terry. "Dream Hampton Takes On 'Ecosystem' That's Supported R. Kelly". NPR.org. Retrieved March 22, 2019.
 Harris, Elizabeth A. (February 22, 2019). "R. Kelly Charged With 10 Counts of Sexual Abuse in Chicago". The New York Times. Retrieved March 22, 2019.
 Tsioulcas, Anastasia. "R. Kelly's Ex-Wife Accuses Him Of Physical Abuse". NPR.org. Retrieved March 22, 2019.
 Romero, Ariana. "This Is What Made Kesha's Grammys Performance So Damn Powerful". www.refinery29.com.
 Morris, Wesley (February 28, 2019). "Michael Jackson Cast a Spell. 'Leaving Neverland' Breaks It". The New York Times. Retrieved March 27, 2019.
 "Jackson cleared of child molestation". The Guardian. Associated Press. June 13, 2005. Retrieved March 27, 2019.
 Fortado, Stephane (2018). "Workplace Sexual Abuse, Labor and the #MeToo Movement". Labor Studies Journal. 43 (4): 241–244. doi:10.1177/0160449X18809431. ISSN 0160-449X.
 Jaffe, Sarah (2018). "The Collective Power of #MeToo". Dissent. 65 (2): 80–87. doi:10.1353/dss.2018.0031. ISSN 1946-0910.
 "Female Veterans Join #MeTooMilitary Movement – January 19, 2018". OZY. Archived from the original on January 20, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 "Women veterans want their voices heard in the #MeToo movement". Public Radio International. Archived from the original on January 18, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 "DoD Releases Latest Military Sexual Assault Report". U.S. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. Retrieved December 17, 2018.
 "#MeTooMilitary Protests Defense Department Sexual Assault at the Pentagon". US News. Archived from the original on January 20, 2018. Retrieved January 18, 2018.
 "US troops stage #MeTooMilitary protest outside Pentagon". Daily Mail. Agence France-Presse. Archived from the original on January 25, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 "Vets Groups Bring '#Me Too' Movement to Pentagon". Military.com. January 8, 2018. Archived from the original on January 20, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 Kheel, Rebecca (January 8, 2018). "Overnight Defense: Pentagon endorses military sexual assault protest | $900M in security assistance to be withheld from Pakistan | House Foreign Affairs chair to retire". TheHill. Archived from the original on January 20, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 Graves, Lucia (April 8, 2018). "The strange alliance between #MeToo and the anti-porn movement". The Guardian. Retrieved April 10, 2018.
 "This ex-porn star is calling on #MeToo to include sex workers". Newsweek. February 21, 2018. Retrieved April 11, 2018.
 Fabbri, Thomas (March 26, 2018). "Porn stars call for respect after spate of deaths". BBC News. Retrieved April 10, 2018.
 "What will it take for the porn industry to have its #MeToo moment?". Retrieved April 11, 2018.
 Syckle, Katie Van (March 26, 2018). "What It's Like to Report About the Porn Industry". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved April 10, 2018.
 Snow, Aurora (October 31, 2017). "Porn's Two Biggest Male Stars Stand Accused of Serial Sexual Assault. Where's the Outrage?". The Daily Beast. Retrieved April 11, 2018.
 "How Women and Tech Took Over Porn: Inside the 2018 AVN Awards". Rolling Stone. Retrieved April 11, 2018.
 Wong, Curtis M. (February 16, 2018). "Here's What Happened When A Male Sex Worker Said, 'Me Too'". HuffPost. Retrieved April 11, 2018.
 "You Do Uterus: Female sexuality isn't always objectification | Daily Trojan". Daily Trojan. April 5, 2018. Retrieved April 10, 2018.
 Fenwick, Cody (February 12, 2018). "This Conservative Is Trying to Use the #MeToo Movement to Ban Pornography". AlterNet. Retrieved April 11, 2018.
 "What Teenagers Are Learning From Online Porn". The New York Times. February 7, 2018. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved April 10, 2018.
 Carter, David (March 2012). "Comprehensive Sex Education for Teens Is More Effective than Abstinence". American Journal of Nursing. 112 (3): 15. doi:10.1097/01.naj.0000412622.87884.a3. ISSN 0002-936X. PMID 22373675.
 "Sex ed: Many parents wouldn't recognize it today – and #metoo may change it even more". USA Today. Retrieved April 11, 2018.
 Siegel, Ethan. "What All The Harassment Stories in Astronomy Really Mean". Forbes. Retrieved January 20, 2019.
 Workman, Karen (January 14, 2016). "Stories Spill Out as Spotlight Is Shined on Sexism in Astronomy". The New York Times. Retrieved January 20, 2019.
 Kramer, Miriam. "Women in space science reveal troubling stories of harassment using this hashtag". Mashable. Retrieved January 20, 2019.
 "Women in astronomy use #astroSH hashtag to share stories of sexual harassment". GeekWire. January 15, 2016. Retrieved January 20, 2019.
 Snyder, Chris; Lopez, Linette (December 13, 2017). "Tarana Burke on why she created the #MeToo movement – and where it's headed". Business Insider. Archived from the original on December 29, 2017. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 Jeffries, Zenobia (January 4, 2018). "Me Too creator Tarana Burke reminds us this is about Black and Brown survivors". YES! Magazine. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 Radu, Sintia (October 25, 2017). "How #MeToo has awoken women around the world". US News. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Radu, Sintia (October 25, 2017). "How #MeToo has awoken women around the world". US News. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Chapin, Angelina (October 16, 2017). "The problem with asking women to say 'Me Too'". HuffPost. Archived from the original on January 2, 2018. Retrieved December 30, 2017.
 Zillman, Claire (October 17, 2017). "A new poll on sexual harassment suggests why 'Me Too' went so insanely viral". Fortune. Archived from the original on January 13, 2018. Retrieved January 13, 2018.
 CNN, Cassandra Santiago and Doug Criss. "An activist, a little girl and the heartbreaking origin of 'Me too'". CNN. Archived from the original on October 17, 2017. Retrieved October 18, 2017.
 Jeffries, Zenobia (January 4, 2018). "Me Too creator Tarana Burke reminds us this is about Black and Brown survivors". Yes!. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 Petit, Stephanie (October 16, 2017). "#MeToo: Sexual harassment and assault movement tweeted over 500,000 times as celebs share stories". People. Archived from the original on October 17, 2017.
 Sayej, Nadja (December 1, 2017). "Alyssa Milano on the #MeToo movement: 'We're not going to stand for it any more'". The Guardian. Archived from the original on January 2, 2018. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 Milano, Alyssa (January 4, 2018). "Alyssa Milano on joining time's up: 'women are scared; women are angry'". Rolling Stone. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Snyder, Chris; Lopez, Linette (December 13, 2017). "Tarana Burke on why she created the #MeToo movement – and where it's headed". Business Insider. Archived from the original on December 29, 2017. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 "What I've learned covering sexual misconduct this year". Vox. Archived from the original on January 18, 2018. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 "Time's Up: As the Me Too movement continues to shed light on sexual harassm...: Discovery Service for Loyola Marymount Univ". eds.b.ebscohost.com. Retrieved November 29, 2018.
 "Despite #MeToo, U.S. workers fear speaking out about sexual harassment". Reuters. November 10, 2017. Archived from the original on January 18, 2018. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 White, Gillian B. (November 22, 2017). "The Glaring Blind Spot of the 'Me Too' Movement". The Atlantic. Retrieved November 29, 2018.
 "False Reporting" (PDF).
 Rubin, Alissa J. (November 19, 2017). "'Revolt' in France Against Sexual Harassment Hits Cultural Resistance". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Archived from the original on December 23, 2017. Retrieved January 15, 2018.
 "Saying #MeToo in Japan". POLITICO. January 2, 2018. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 Rich, Motoko (December 29, 2017). "She Broke Japan's Silence on Rape". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Archived from the original on January 24, 2018. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 "What is a whisper network? How women are taking down bad men in the #MeToo age". Newsweek. November 22, 2017. Archived from the original on January 18, 2018. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 "The creator of the Shitty Media Men List has come forward. What she faces shows why the list was so necessary". Vox. Archived from the original on January 18, 2018. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 Castle, Stephen (October 30, 2017). "Sexual Harassment Claims Surface in U.K. Parliament". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Archived from the original on January 18, 2018. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 "Making Sense of the Lewd Sexual Harassment Scandal Roiling the U.K". Fortune. Archived from the original on October 31, 2017. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 Hannah McGrath; Billy Kenber (October 30, 2017). "Dirty dossier accuses MPs of harassment and sex in offices". The Times. ISSN 0140-0460. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 CNN, Huizhong Wu,. "#MeToo helps spark wider conversation around sexual abuse in India". CNN. Archived from the original on January 25, 2018. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 "Raya Sarkar and All The List's Men". October 24, 2017. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 "#MeToo, Hadiya, Triple Talaq: How 2017 Was an Important Year for Indian Feminism". The Better India. December 29, 2017. Archived from the original on January 18, 2018. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 "It's time to weaponize the "whisper network"". Vox. Archived from the original on January 27, 2018. Retrieved January 27, 2018.
 "How 'whisper networks' help protect women from the Harvey Weinsteins of the world". USA Today. Archived from the original on January 27, 2018. Retrieved January 27, 2018.
 Paul, Kari. "These apps help victims of sexual harassment to file anonymous reports". MarketWatch. Archived from the original on January 25, 2018. Retrieved January 27, 2018.
 "The #MeToo Moment: The Year in Gender". The New York Times. December 30, 2017. ISSN 0362-4331. Archived from the original on January 18, 2018. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 Staff writer (January 5, 2018). "Asia | Blame victims and the West – India's way of justifying sexual assaults?". Deutsche Welle. Archived from the original on July 18, 2017. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Astier, Henri (January 14, 2018). "France's celebrity pushback against 'MeToo'". BBC News. Archived from the original on January 14, 2018. Retrieved January 15, 2018.
 Ho, Gwyneth; Tsoi, Grace (2018). "Is the #MeToo movement finally coming to China?". BBC News. Archived from the original on January 7, 2018. Retrieved January 9, 2018.
 Siri, Simona (December 14, 2017). "Why Italy's #MeToo movement is failing". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Archived from the original on December 17, 2017. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 "The Aziz Ansari story is ordinary. That's why we have to talk about it". Vox. Archived from the original on January 17, 2018. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 Rosenberg, Alyssa (January 17, 2018). "Opinion: The #MeToo movement is at a dangerous tipping point". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Archived from the original on January 17, 2018. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 Drezner, Daniel W. (February 14, 2018). "Perspective | #MeToo and the trouble with new norms". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Retrieved February 20, 2018.
 Simmons, Rachel (December 15, 2017). "When Middle Schoolers Say #MeToo". HuffPost. Archived from the original on February 1, 2018. Retrieved February 2, 2018.
 Strauss, Valerie (January 3, 2018). "#MeTooK12: A new hashtag for students sexually assaulted or harassed in K-12 schools". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Archived from the original on January 20, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 "#MeTooK12: New campaign raises awareness about rights at school". The Christian Science Monitor. January 18, 2018. ISSN 0882-7729. Archived from the original on January 18, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 "#MeToo Goes to School". usnews.com. Archived from the original on January 20, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 Wilhelm, Heather (October 23, 2017). "Where #MeToo goes off the rails". Chicago Tribune. Archived from the original on December 25, 2017. Retrieved December 25, 2017.
 "To truly 'man up,' we, too, must fight sexism with more than outrage". The News Tribune. Retrieved February 18, 2018.
 "Men Too: PA men speak out to break the cycle". WPMT FOX43. February 2, 2018. Archived from the original on February 2, 2018. Retrieved February 2, 2018.
 "Robert Redford on #MeToo movement: 'The role for men right now is to listen'". USA Today. Archived from the original on February 2, 2018. Retrieved February 2, 2018.
 O'Malley, Harris (February 1, 2018). "Perspective | Treating men like idiots is the wrong way to stop sexual harassment". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Archived from the original on February 2, 2018. Retrieved February 2, 2018.
 Krattenmaker, Tom (January 29, 2018). "Yes, it's hard to be a man in the #MeToo #TimesUp era. And it should be". USA Today. Archived from the original on February 2, 2018. Retrieved February 2, 2018.
 Victor, Daniel (2018). "The #MeToo Moment: I'm a Straight Man. Now What?". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Archived from the original on February 1, 2018. Retrieved February 2, 2018.
 Ellsberg, Michael (October 24, 2017). "Perspective | Women's #MeToo posts reminded me I had been that awful guy. Here's how I changed". The Washington Post. ISSN 0190-8286. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
 Williams, Alex (February 27, 2018). "The Man Behind the 'Consent Pledge'". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
 Helmore, Edward (March 30, 2018). "Want to be more assertive in life? This former dominatrix will show you how". The Guardian. Retrieved March 31, 2018.
 Severson, Kim (August 19, 2018). "Asia Argento, Who Accused Weinstein, Made Deal With Her Own Accuser". The New York Times. New York City. Retrieved August 20, 2018.
 "Archived copy". Archived from the original on September 29, 2018. Retrieved October 16, 2018.
 Mumford, Gwilym; Kirchgaessner, Stephanie (August 21, 2018). "Asia Argento denies sexual assault of 17-year-old actor". The Guardian. London, England. Retrieved August 21, 2018.
 France, Lisa Respers (August 21, 2018). "Rose McGowan facing backlash for urging 'Be Gentle' with Argento". CNN. Retrieved October 11, 2018.
 Morris, Amanda (October 11, 2018). "#HimToo: Left And Right Embrace Opposing Takes On Same Hashtag". NPR.
 Ellis, Emma Grey (September 27, 2018). "How #HimToo Became the Tagline of the Men's Rights Movement". WIRED.
 "【MeToo無辜男】召集被屈同路人伸冤 前大專講師：唔敢再望女人". Apple Daily. January 13, 2019.
 Various (December 18, 2017). "Meet the women worried about #MeToo". Spiked. Archived from the original on January 1, 2018. Retrieved January 1, 2018.
 Various (November 22, 2017). "Are women really victims? Four women weigh in". Quillette. Archived from the original on January 1, 2018. Retrieved January 1, 2018.
 postmodernism, about women She is currently writing a book about; Theory, Critical; Epistemology, Their Impact on; Academy, Ethics in the; Areo, more widely She is editor-in-chief of (October 17, 2017). "Androphobia – and How to Address It". Areo.
 http://www.windsorsquare.ca/archives/2018/men-are-useless/116369[dead link]
 Wilhelm, Heather (October 23, 2017). "Where #MeToo goes off the rails". Chicago Tribune. Archived from the original on December 25, 2017. Retrieved December 25, 2017.
 Stephens, Bret (December 20, 2017). "When #MeToo goes too far". The New York Times. Archived from the original on December 24, 2017. Retrieved December 25, 2017.
 Richard Ackland (April 3, 2018). "#MeToo has led to an asphyxiating vortex of litigation". The Guardian. Retrieved April 4, 2018.
 Cromwell, Michael (December 19, 2017). "#MeToo movement goes too far". The Baltimore Sun. Archived from the original on December 25, 2017. Retrieved December 25, 2017.
 Dalmia, Shikha (December 20, 2017). "Opinion | #MeToo run amok". The Week. Archived from the original on December 29, 2017. Retrieved December 29, 2017.
 Filipovic, Jill (January 16, 2018). "The poorly reported Aziz Ansari exposé was a missed opportunity". The Guardian. Archived from the original on January 18, 2018. Retrieved January 18, 2018.
 Weiss, Bari (January 15, 2018). "Aziz Ansari is Guilty. Of Not Being A Mind Reader". The New York Times. Archived from the original on January 18, 2018. Retrieved January 18, 2018.
 Crary, David; Lush, Tamara (January 18, 2018). "Has #MeToo Gone Too Far? Ansari Story Sparks Debate". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on January 19, 2018. Retrieved January 18, 2018.
 Hamblin, James. "This Is Not a Sex Panic". The Atlantic. Retrieved January 18, 2018.
 Valiente, Alexa; Williams, Angela (December 14, 2017). "Matt Damon opens up about Harvey Weinstein, sexual harassment and confidentiality agreements". ABC News. Archived from the original on January 17, 2018. Retrieved January 18, 2018.
 Livsey, Anna (January 13, 2018). "Liam Neeson says harassment allegations are now 'a witch hunt'". The Guardian. Archived from the original on January 17, 2018. Retrieved January 18, 2018.
 Williams, Janice (December 21, 2017). "Will innocent men become 'casualities' of #MeToo movement?". Newsweek. Archived from the original on January 4, 2018. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 Oluo, Ijeoma. "Opinion | Al Franken harassed women and should resign. But it's OK to admit his loss hurts". NBC News. Archived from the original on December 31, 2017. Retrieved December 31, 2017.
 Schuessler, Jennifer (December 27, 2017). "10 cultural battles that ruled 2017". The New York Times. Archived from the original on December 30, 2017. Retrieved December 31, 2017.
 Ryzik, Melena; Buckley, Cara; Kantor, Jodi (November 9, 2017). "Louis C.K. is accused by 5 women of sexual misconduct". The New York Times. Archived from the original on December 30, 2017. Retrieved December 31, 2017.
 Andreeva, Nellie (November 13, 2017). "Ex Louis C.K. manager Dave Becky on scandal: "What I did was wrong"". Deadline Hollywood. Archived from the original on December 28, 2017. Retrieved December 31, 2017.
 Wright, Jennifer (November 30, 2017). "The backlash to believing women has begun". Harper's Bazaar. Archived from the original on January 5, 2018. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 Bailey-Millado, Rob (May 17, 2019). "Men are afraid to mentor women after #MeToo and it hurts us all: study". New York Post. Retrieved May 23, 2019.
 Wittes Schlack, Julie (October 18, 2017). "Commentary | #MeToo flared but won't endure". wbur.org. NPR. Archived from the original on October 19, 2017. Retrieved October 19, 2017.
 Gerson, Jen (October 17, 2017). "Jen Gerson: I mean no disrespect when I say that I have a problem with #MeToo". National Post. Retrieved October 19, 2017.
 LaMotte, Sandee (October 19, 2017). "#MeToo sexual assault stories trigger trauma for some". CNN. Archived from the original on October 19, 2017. Retrieved October 20, 2017.
 Hempel, Jessi (October 18, 2017). "The problem with #MeToo and viral outrage | Backchannel". Wired. Archived from the original on October 18, 2017. Retrieved October 19, 2017.
 Charleston, Libby-Jane (October 17, 2017). "Why I'm not joining the #MeToo hashtag even though I was sexually harassed". HuffPost. Archived from the original on October 19, 2017. Retrieved October 19, 2017.
 Perez, Maria (April 7, 2018). "Tony Robbins is being dragged on social media for his comments about the #MeToo movement". Newsweek. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 Wang, Amy (April 9, 2018). "Tony Robbins suggested #MeToo was about 'victimhood.' Now he's apologizing". The Washington Post.
 Farley, Melissa; Education, Prostitution Research and (2018). "#MeToo Must Include Prostitution". Dignity: A Journal on Sexual Exploitation and Violence. 3 (1). doi:10.23860/dignity.2018.03.01.09. ISSN 2472-4181.
 "Sex trafficking survivors struggle to be heard in #MeToo era". Daily News. New York. Retrieved March 23, 2018.
 "We need a #metoo moment, but for prostitutes". Daily News. New York. Retrieved March 23, 2018.
 "'They Don't Want to Include Women Like Me.' Sex Workers Say They're Being Left Out of the #MeToo Movement". Time. Retrieved March 23, 2018.
 Sputnik. "Blackjack and #Metoo: Swedish Prostitutes, Addicts Rebel Against Sex Abuse". Sputnik News Agency. Retrieved March 23, 2018.
 "Prostitutie lijkt op het klimaatprobleem. De cijfers zijn er, waarom ontkennen we ze dan?". Trouw (in Dutch). Retrieved March 23, 2018.
 Oosterom, Rianne (November 8, 2017). "Sekswerkers boos op De Balie: Farley vergroot stigma". Trouw (in Dutch). Retrieved July 13, 2018.
 Thrasher, Steven W. (March 29, 2018). "Sexual freedom is at risk from these damning new bills passed by Congress | Steven W Thrasher". The Guardian. Retrieved April 10, 2018.
 Kay, Katty (September 18, 2018). "The truth about false assault accusations". BBC News. Retrieved November 15, 2018.
 Lisak, David; Gardinier, Lori; Nicksa, Sarah C.; Cote, Ashley M. (2010). "False Allegations of Sexual Assault: An Analysis of Ten Years of Reported Cases" (PDF). Violence Against Women. 16 (12): 1318–1334. doi:10.1177/1077801210387747. ISSN 1077-8012. PMID 21164210.
 Kelly, Liz; Lovett, Jo; Regan, Linda (February 2005). "Home Office Research Study 293: A gap or a chasm? Attrition in reported rape cases". Home Office Research, Development and Statistics Directorate. The National Archive ([[Kew, London|]], London). Retrieved October 10, 2018.
 Newman, Sandra (May 11, 2017). "What kind of person makes false rape accusations?". Quartz. Archived from the original on October 24, 2017. Retrieved October 10, 2018.
 Doyle, Sady (November 29, 2017). "Despite What You May Have Heard, 'Believe Women' Has Never Meant 'Ignore Facts'". Elle. Archived from the original on January 4, 2018. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 Malkin, Michelle (October 18, 2017). "Beware the rape allegation bandwagon". RealClearPolitics. Archived from the original on December 26, 2017. Retrieved December 26, 2017.
 Oluo, Ijeoma (November 30, 2017). "Due process is needed for sexual harassment accusations – but for whom?". The Establishment. Archived from the original on January 4, 2018. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 Grady, Constance (September 27, 2018). "Kavanaugh's hearing is a test of how much we care about sexual assault". Vox.
 Crilly, Rob (October 10, 2018). "Women who accuse men need evidence, says Melania Trump". The Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved October 11, 2018.
 "Why aren't we talking about sexual misconduct by police? | Opinion". Newsweek. December 22, 2017. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 Butler, Danielle. "#CopsToo: When Police Officers Use Sexual Assault to Terrorize Vulnerable Communities". Very Smart Brothas. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 "As Hollywood & Politicians Get Spotlight, Why Has Police Sexual Abuse Escaped #MeToo Movement?". The Free Thought Project. December 25, 2017. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 "'Invisible No More:' The Other Women #MeToo Should Defend | The Crime ReportThe Crime Report". thecrimereport.org. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 Branigin, Anne. "These Are the Women of Color Who Fought Both Sexism and the Racism of White Feminists". The Root. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 Fessler, Leah. "Gloria Steinem on #MeToo: Black women have always been more feminist than white women — Quartz". Quartz. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 "#MeToo hijacked black women's work on race and gender equality". Quartz at Work. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 "#MeToo? Black Women on the Periphery of a Movement". Valley Advocate. January 31, 2018. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 Morales, Valerie (February 14, 2018). "The Invisible Victims Of #MeToo". HuffPost. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 White, Gillian B. "The Glaring Blind Spot of the 'Me Too' Movement". The Atlantic. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 "Hollywood is having a #MeToo moment. Minority women have fought this battle for decades". NBC News. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 "There Is No #MeToo Without Black Women". Healthline. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 Lipsitz, Raina (October 20, 2017). "Sexual Harassment Law Was Shaped by the Battles of Black Women". The Nation. ISSN 0027-8378. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 "Women Are Speaking Up About Harassment And Abuse, But Why Now?". NPR. Retrieved April 7, 2018.
 Hill, Zahara (October 16, 2017). "Black woman Tarana Burke founded the 'Me Too' movement". Ebony. Archived from the original on October 17, 2017. Retrieved October 17, 2017.
 Vagianos, Alanna (September 10, 2018). "Tarana Burke Tells Black Women Me Too Is 'Your Movement, Too'".
 Fonda, Jane; Covert, Bryce; Pollitt, Katha; Meyerson, Collier; Lipsitz, Raina; Walsh, Joan (December 13, 2017). "6 Perspectives on the Future of #MeToo". The Nation. ISSN 0027-8378. Archived from the original on January 31, 2018. Retrieved February 1, 2018.
 Jeffries, Zenobia (January 4, 2018). "Me Too creator Tarana Burke reminds us this is about Black and Brown survivors". YES! Magazine. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 Bennett, Jessica (2018). "The #MeToo Moment: What's Next?". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Archived from the original on February 1, 2018. Retrieved February 2, 2018.
 Chotiner, Isaac. "The New Yorker's Jia Tolentino on How We're Missing the Real Issue of #MeToo". Slate. Archived from the original on January 30, 2018. Retrieved January 31, 2018.
 Brown, Kim (April 10, 2018). "Women in Prison Are Still Waiting For Their Me Too Moment". HuffPost. Retrieved February 19, 2019.
 "Words From Prison: Sexual Abuse in Prison". American Civil Liberties Union. Retrieved February 19, 2019.
 Piecora, Christina. "Female Inmates and Sexual Assault". jurist.org. Retrieved February 19, 2019.
 "For Survivors of Prison Rape, Saying 'Me Too' Isn't an Option". Rewire.News. Retrieved February 19, 2019.
 Project, Hokyoung Kim for The Marshall (September 21, 2018). "When Prisoners Say #MeToo". The Marshall Project. Retrieved February 19, 2019.
 "Opinion | Female Prisoners and #MeToo". The New York Times. October 8, 2018. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved February 19, 2019.
 Noveck, Jocelyn (May 10, 2018). "Women's foundation launches fund to support MeToo movement". AP NEWS.
 Tom McCarthy (September 10, 2018). "Les Moonves resigns from CBS after six more women accuse him of sexual harassment". The Guardian. Retrieved September 10, 2018. Moonves and CBS will donate $20m to one or more organisations that support the #MeToo movement and equality for women in the workplace. This donation will be deducted from any severance benefits that may be due Moonves following the investigation.
 "Les Moonves resigns from CBS after sexual misconduct allegations". BBC. September 10, 2018. Retrieved September 10, 2018. CBS said the company and Mr Moonves would donate $20m (£15.4m) to groups supporting the #MeToo movement.
 Strum, Laura. "Twitter chat: What #MeToo says about sexual abuse in society". PBS NewsHour. Archived from the original on October 26, 2017. Retrieved October 25, 2017.
 Dennis, Anna (Spring 2018). "The Advocate" (PDF). womensafe.net.
 "Language in digital activism: exploring the performative functions of #MeToo Tweets". Diggit Magazine. June 29, 2018. Retrieved November 28, 2018.
 Castells, M. (2015). Networks of outrage and hope: Social movements in the Internet age. John Wiley & Sons.
 Schreuer, Milan (October 25, 2017). "A #MeToo Moment for the European Parliament". The New York Times. Archived from the original on December 6, 2017. Retrieved October 25, 2017.
 "How #MeToo has spread like wildfire around the world". Newsweek. December 15, 2017. Archived from the original on January 5, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Boutros, Magdaline. "#moiaussi: hausse des dénonciations d'agressions sexuelles chez les enfants". La Presse. Retrieved April 16, 2018.
 Phillips, Tom (January 9, 2018). "China's women break silence on harassment as #MeToo becomes #WoYeShi". The Guardian. ISSN 0261-3077. Archived from the original on January 9, 2018. Retrieved January 9, 2018.
 Alissa J. Rubin (November 19, 2017). "'Revolt' in France Against Sexual Harassment Hits Cultural Resistance". Archived from the original on December 23, 2017.
 "Crude, Yes, but Not Like Weinstein: French Man Sues MeToo Accuser". Archived from the original on January 19, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 Sur, Soma (November 5, 2017). #मैं भी [#Me Too]. amp.momspresso.com (in Hindi). Retrieved October 18, 2018.
 "#MeToo in Afghanistan: Is Anyone Listening?". Human Rights Watch. December 20, 2017. Archived from the original on December 24, 2017. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 "Women in Afghanistan Want Their #MeToo Moment, But Fear Retaliation". Impact. January 17, 2018. Archived from the original on January 19, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 Nordland, Rod; Faizi, Fatima (December 10, 2017). "Harassment All Around, Afghan Women Weigh Risks of Speaking Out". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Archived from the original on January 20, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 "Tracey Spicer To Unveil Decades of Sexual Assault in Australian Media". Vice. October 20, 2017. Retrieved November 29, 2018.
 "'He was trying to take my top off': Don Burke accused of sexual harassment". ABC News. November 27, 2017. Retrieved November 29, 2018.
 Spicer, Tracey (November 27, 2017). "The Australian media industry operates a protection racket for men like Don Burke". The Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved November 29, 2018.
 McClymont, Kate (November 26, 2017). "'A high-grade, twisted abuser': Don Burke a sexual harasser and bully, claims series of women". The Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved November 29, 2018.
 "Award Winners". The Walkley Foundation. Retrieved November 29, 2018.
 Davidson, Helen (January 25, 2018). "Journalist Tracey Spicer 'humbled' by Australia Day honour". The Guardian. Retrieved November 29, 2018.
 Harmon, Steph (March 25, 2018). "Tracey Spicer launches Now Australia campaign as Tina Arena joins accusers". The Guardian. Retrieved November 29, 2018.
 "How #MeToo in the Australian media has spread to other industries". Public Radio International. Retrieved November 29, 2018.
 "Facing the particular challenge of metoo in Australia". The Age. Retrieved March 13, 2018.
 Martin, Lisa (April 30, 2019). "Tarana Burke and Tracey Spicer win Sydney Peace prize for #MeToo work". The Guardian. ISSN 0261-3077. Retrieved April 30, 2019.
 Antwerpen rouwt en protesteert met stille tocht voor vermoorde Julie (23). AD (12 May 2019). Retrieved on 13 May 2019.
 Etehad, Melissa (October 18, 2017). "A global primal scream: #MeToo (#YoTambien #QuellaVoltaChe #גםאנחנו أنا_كمان#)". Los Angeles Times. Archived from the original on October 19, 2017. Retrieved October 19, 2017.
 "Just For Laughs restructures after founder accused of sexual assault". Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Archived from the original on October 27, 2017. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 "Avis de tempête : #MeToo #MoiAussi déferlent sur le Québec". TV5MONDE (in French). November 30, 2017. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 ICI.Radio-Canada.ca, Zone Société -. "#MoiAussi : le nombre d'appels à l'aide a doublé en Ontario" (in French). CBC/Radio-Canada. Archived from the original on January 19, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 QMI, Agence. "#MoiAussi: des centaines de personnes manifestent à Toronto". Le Journal de Montréal (in French). Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 "Plateau-Mont-Royal mayoral candidate drops out amid sexual harassment allegations". CBC News. Archived from the original on October 23, 2017. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 "Quebec media star Éric Salvail suspended following sexual misconduct allegations". Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Archived from the original on November 6, 2017. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 "Après #MoiAussi, #EtMaintenant". Huffington Post Québec (in French). January 14, 2018. Archived from the original on January 19, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 "Justin Trudeau's Davos address in full". World Economic Forum. Retrieved July 9, 2018.
 "Change in Canadian society on sexual harassment 'not fast enough,' Trudeau says | The Star". Toronto Star. Retrieved July 9, 2018.
 "Trudeau says Liberals 'doing the best that we can' amid sexual harassment allegations | CBC News". Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved July 9, 2018.
 "Trudeau says zero tolerance on misconduct toward women applies to him as well | CBC News". Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved July 9, 2018.
 Ashifa Kassam (July 2, 2018). "Justin Trudeau 'does not remember' groping reporter at festival". The Guardian. Retrieved July 3, 2018.
 Rebecca Tan (July 2, 2018). "Justin Trudeau responds to groping allegations: 'I don't remember any negative interactions'". The Washington Post. Retrieved July 3, 2018.
 "COMMENTARY: The facts about what Justin Trudeau can't remember". Global News. Retrieved July 9, 2018.
 Herhalt, Chris (July 6, 2018). "Don't investigate groping allegation from 2000, Trudeau says". Cp24.com.
 Vergara, Eva (June 28, 2018). "A 'Me Too' movement shakes Chilean universities". San Francisco Chronicle.
 "Las ofertas laborales del socio de Nicolás López tras estallar el escándalo de Herval Abreu". June 30, 2018 – via cnnchile.com.
 "Subscribe to read". Financial Times.
 Hernandez, Javier C.; Mou, Zoe (January 23, 2018). "'Me Too,' Chinese Women Say. Not So Fast, Say the Censors". Archived from the original on February 1, 2018.
 Chen, Te-Ping (April 23, 2018). "#MeToo Meets China's Censors and Students Learn a Tough Lesson". The Wall Street Journal.
 "Anger as Chinese media claim harassment is just a western problem". The Guardian. Archived from the original on November 8, 2017. Retrieved November 8, 2017.
 "China Refuses to Admit It Has a Rape Problem. I Would Know". Foreign Policy. Archived from the original on November 6, 2017. Retrieved January 9, 2018.
 我被我的前教練性侵犯. Facebook (in Chinese). November 30, 2017. Archived from the original on December 6, 2017.[non-primary source needed][non-primary source needed]
 香港體育界驚爆性侵 「欄后」呂麗瑤生日FB勇敢指控前教練. Apple Daily Hong Kong (in Chinese). November 30, 2017. Archived from the original on December 1, 2017.
 "Hong Kong athlete says coach abused her as teen". Digital Journal. November 30, 2017. Archived from the original on December 1, 2017.
 "Police to investigate after Hong Kong hurdler Vera Lui says coach sexually assaulted her when she was 13". South China Morning Post. November 30, 2017. Archived from the original on November 30, 2017.
 "Hurdler Vera Lui claims sexual assault by coach in teenage years". the Standard. November 30, 2017. Archived from the original on December 1, 2017.
 HernÃ¡ndez, Javier C. (January 4, 2019). "Sheâ€™s on a #MeToo Mission in China, Battling Censors and Lawsuits". The New York Times. Retrieved January 20, 2019.
 Zhou, Weile. "#MeToo movement in China: Powerful yet fragile". Al Jazeera.
 Kuo, Lily (April 24, 2018). "Student says Peking University trying to silence her over rape claim petition". The Guardian.
 "Students Defiant as Chinese University Warns #MeToo Activist".
 "In Ethiopia, Girls Bravely Speak Up Against Sexually Abusive Teacher, as "Me Too" campaign kicks off worldwide". UNICEF Ethiopia. November 2, 2017. Archived from the original on January 19, 2018. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
 Donadio, Rachel (October 18, 2017). "#BalanceTonPorc is France's #MeToo". The Atlantic. Archived from the original on October 19, 2017. Retrieved October 19, 2017.
 Safronova, Valeriya (January 10, 2018). "Catherine Deneuve and others denounce the #MeToo movement". The New York Times. Archived from the original on January 10, 2018. Retrieved January 10, 2018.
 Bilefsky, Dan; Peltier, Elian (October 17, 2017). "France considers fines for catcalls as women speak out on harassment". The New York Times. Archived from the original on January 15, 2018. Retrieved January 15, 2018.
 Rubin, Alissa J. (November 19, 2017). "'Revolt' in France against sexual harassment hits cultural resistance". The New York Times. Archived from the original on December 23, 2017. Retrieved January 15, 2018.
 BFMTV. "Harcèlement sexuel: Brigitte Macron se dit "heureuse que les femmes parlent"" (in French). BFMTV. Archived from the original on October 23, 2017. Retrieved January 15, 2018.
 Poirier, Agnès C. (2018). "Opinion: Catherine Deneuve and the French feminist difference". The New York Times. Archived from the original on January 14, 2018. Retrieved January 15, 2018.
 Breeden, Aurelien; Peltier, Elian (2018). "Response to French letter denouncing #MeToo shows a sharp divide". The New York Times. Archived from the original on January 14, 2018. Retrieved January 15, 2018.
 Poirier, Agnès (January 14, 2018). "After the #MeToo backlash, an insider's guide to French feminism". The Guardian. Archived from the original on January 14, 2018. Retrieved January 15, 2018.
 Codrea-Rado, Anna (2018). "Catherine Deneuve Apologizes to Victims after Denouncing #MeToo". The New York Times. Archived from the original on January 15, 2018. Retrieved January 15, 2018.
 Deneuve, Catherine (January 14, 2018). "Catherine Deneuve : "Rien dans le texte ne prétend que le harcèlement a du bon, sans quoi je ne l'aurais pas signé"". Libération (in French). Archived from the original on January 15, 2018. Retrieved January 15, 2018.
 "Tom, musicien : "J'ai été agressé à 17 ans. Je n'ai rien dit, j'avais peur pour ma carrière"". Le Nouvel Observateur.
 "#NousToutes: Tens of thousands protest violence against women in Paris". France 24. November 25, 2018. Retrieved March 17, 2019.
 Talik, Lola. "#NousToutes : comment se préparer à la grande marche du 24 novembre ?". LA-WTF (in French). Retrieved March 17, 2019.
 Chrisafis, Angelique (February 15, 2019). "French media in crisis as they face their own #MeToo moment" – via www.theguardian.com.
 "LOL League harassment restarts #MeToo conversation in France". Public Radio International.
 "#MeToo has arrived in Germany. Here's why it's so controversial". January 16, 2018. Archived from the original on January 31, 2018. Retrieved January 30, 2018.
 "Germany's first #MeToo case: TV director Dieter Wedel hit with abuse scandal". geo.tv. Archived from the original on January 31, 2018. Retrieved January 30, 2018.
 Ralf Wiegand/Susi Wimmer, Professor Unrat. In: Süddeutsche Zeitung, no. 113 (May 18, 2018), p. 9. Mauser was referred to as "the Harvey Weinstein of German classical music".
 "Half of women in Germany victim of sexual harassment, survey". Deutsche Welle. October 28, 2017. Archived from the original on January 30, 2018. Retrieved January 30, 2018.
 Lipin, Michael; Sigarchi, Afshar (October 5, 2018). "Khamenei's #MeToo Video Draws Critique of His Record on Women". VOA.
 "Khamenei.ir on Twitter". Twitter.[non-primary source needed]
 Kazmi, Zehra (October 17, 2017). "#MeToo: Does it take a Twitter trend to know women are harassed every day?". Hindustan Times. Archived from the original on November 6, 2017. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Staff writer (October 19, 2017). "Women in India are also saying #MeToo". PBS NewsHour. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 "Why Are We Still Calling Sexual Harassment 'Eve-Teasing' In India?". Huffington Post India. July 4, 2017. Archived from the original on November 7, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2018.
 LawRato (October 28, 2017). "#MeToo: Know the laws that protect you from sexual assault and harassment". The Better India. Archived from the original on January 17, 2018. Retrieved January 17, 2018.
 Wu, Huizhong. "#MeToo helps spark wider conversation around sexual abuse in India". CNN. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Staff writer (January 5, 2018). "Asia | Blame victims and the West – India's way of justifying sexual assaults?". Deutsche Welle. Archived from the original on July 18, 2017. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Wu, Huizhong (September 27, 2017). "'A feeble no may mean yes': Indian court overturns rape conviction". CNN. Archived from the original on December 6, 2017. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Verma, Abhinav (October 16, 2017). "Comedians slam Pune café owner Khodu Irani over sexual harassment allegations". Hindustan Times. Archived from the original on November 6, 2017. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 "High spirits, but only for men: Women come forward alleging rampant sexual harassment at Pune bar". Firstpost.com. Retrieved March 9, 2018.
 "Mahesh Murthy: A #MeToo moment too many?". VCCircle. January 5, 2018. Archived from the original on January 22, 2018. Retrieved January 21, 2018.
 Trends Desk (October 17, 2017). "#MeToo: This man's Twitter confession on being a 'SHAMELESS FLIRT' is a MUST READ for all men". The Indian Express. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Trends Desk (October 17, 2017). "#MeToo: Men lend their support to the movement, say 'we will do better'". The Indian Express. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Chandran, Rina (December 18, 2017). "#MeToo campaign excludes India's most vulnerable women, activists say". Reuters. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 KrantiKali Team (October 24, 2017). "Raya Sarkar and All The List's Men". Medium. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.[non-primary source needed]
 Singh, Pragya (November 3, 2017). "'Perpetrators are shamed under due process too ... Farooqui, Tejpal, Khurshid were all shamed. Was anyone convicted?': Raya Sarkar". Outlook. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Staff writer (November 8, 2017). "Asia | #MeToo: 'Sexual predators' list divides Indian feminists". Deutsche Welle. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Borpujari, Priyanka (November 6, 2017). "#MeToo and #HimToo Come to India". The Diplomat. Archived from the original on January 3, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 "India's #MeToo: Some of the sexual harassment charges that have surfaced this month".
 Goyal, Divya (September 27, 2018). "Nana Patekar Dismisses Tanushree Dutta's Allegations, Asks 'What Sexual Harassment?'". NDTV.com.
 Alluri, Aparna (October 9, 2018). "#MeToo firestorm consumes Bollywood and media". BBC News.
 Ramachandran, Naman (October 11, 2018). "Bollywood's Expanding #MeToo Movement Hits Productions". Variety.
 "After a Long Wait, India's #MeToo Movement Suddenly Takes Off".
 "Sony suspends Anu Malik as the judge of Indian Idol 10 after multiple sexual harassment allegations". dna. October 21, 2018. Retrieved October 21, 2018.
 Anderman, Nirit (October 18, 2017). "#MeToo Shakes Up Israeli TV and Film Industry as Victims of Harassment Speak Out". Haaretz. Archived from the original on January 26, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 Peled, Shachar (October 19, 2017). "'This Cant Be Women Just Speaking Up': Men Respond to #MeToo, Pledging #HowIWillChange". Haaretz. Archived from the original on January 26, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 Levy, Gideon (October 22, 2017). "Opinion: For the Women Under Israeli Occupation, It's Time for #AnaKaman (#MeToo)". Haaretz. Archived from the original on January 26, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2018.
 Montini, Beatrice (October 17, 2017). "Weinstein, Giulia Blasi e le storie su #quellavoltache: "Se c'è squilibrio di potere non c'è mai consenso. Basta processare le vittime"" [Weinstein, Giulia Blasi, and stories posted to #quellavoltache: "When there's a power imbalance, it can never be consensual. Quit putting victims on trial."]. Corriere della Sera (in Italian). Milan. Archived from the original on October 18, 2017. Retrieved October 18, 2017.
 See also: @ResistanceItaly (October 17, 2017). "#quellavoltache is the Italian #metoo hashtag" (Tweet) – via Twitter.
 "Violenza sulle donne: convegno alla Camera con la Boschi". EcodaiPalazzi.it (in Italian). October 17, 2017. Archived from the original on January 4, 2018. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 Horowitz, Jason (December 16, 2017). "In Italy, #MeToo Is More Like 'Meh'". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Archived from the original on December 23, 2017. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 O'Rawe, Catherine. "Asia Argento, Harvey Weinstein and Italy's complex relationship with feminism". The Conversation. Archived from the original on January 4, 2018. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 "'Cinema Paradiso' director Tornatore denies 'fondling' showgirl". November 4, 2017. Archived from the original on November 4, 2017. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 Horowitz, Jason (October 24, 2017). "Harvey Weinstein's Italian Friend Is Now in the Eye of a Media Storm". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Archived from the original on October 28, 2017. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 "Maria Elena Boschi, Italian Lawmaker, In A Thong Leaning Over Desk Is A Doctored Image". Business 2 Community. Archived from the original on January 4, 2018. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 "L'argine della legge contro la violenza sulle donne". Democratica (in Italian). Archived from the original on January 4, 2018. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 日本でも広がる「#metoo」 しかし、勘違いしないでほしい. BuzzFeed (in Japanese). Archived from the original on January 14, 2018. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 "MeTooJP". BuzzFeed. Archived from the original on January 5, 2018. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 はあちゅうが著名クリエイターのセクハラとパワハラを証言　岸氏「謝罪します」. BuzzFeed (in Japanese). Archived from the original on December 22, 2017. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 「#MeToo」は単なる2つの単語ではない。その言葉が語る世界を知っていますか？. BuzzFeed (in Japanese). Archived from the original on January 14, 2018. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 Kobayashi, Akiko. 9歳で身近な人から性的な行為をされた私は10年間、誰にも言わなかった. BuzzFeed (in Japanese). Archived from the original on January 5, 2018. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 Kojima, Keiko. #MeToo が嫌いなあなたへ. BuzzFeed (in Japanese). Archived from the original on January 5, 2018. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
 "When Japan's women broke their silence". BBC. April 25, 2018.
 "Japan's secret shame". BBC. June 20, 2018. Retrieved July 26, 2018.
 Anna Stewart; Euan McKirdy; Junko Ogura. "Ignored, humiliated: How Japan is accused of failing survivors of sexual abuse". CNN.
 "'His true character showed': Fukuda still denies sexual harassment claims as he resigns". April 19, 2018 – via Mainichi Daily News.
 Karen Ressler (June 1, 2018). "Former Niji No Conquistador Idol Sues pixiv Representative Director for Sexual Harassment". Anime News Network. Retrieved December 27, 2018.
 Rafael Antonio Pineda (June 6, 2018). "pixiv Representative Director Resigns From Company Amidst Lawsuits". Anime News Network. Retrieved December 27, 2018.
 "LYNCH: It's time to talk about #MeToo campaign and how it". Daily Nation. Archived from the original on January 14, 2018. Retrieved January 30, 2018.
 Eweniyi, Olanrewaju (January 24, 2018). "Women Have Reported Being Raped at This Hospital in Kenya After Giving Birth". Konbini Nigeria. Archived from the original on January 31, 2018. Retrieved January 30, 2018.
 Dunaway, Jaime. "Why the #MeToo Movement Just Took Off in Kenya, Pakistan, and China". Slate. Archived from the original on January 29, 2018. Retrieved January 30, 2018.
 केशव स्थापितको मन्त्री पद धरापमा, मुख्यमन्त्रीमाथि अभद्र व्यवहार गरेको आरोप. onlinekhabar.com (in Nepali). Retrieved November 4, 2018.
 "Two women accuse Mayor Sthapit of sexual misconduct: #MeToo wave in Nepal?". thehimalayantimes.com. October 23, 2018. Retrieved November 4, 2018.
 "The Kathmandu Post -Former Kathmandu mayor decries 'rape of men's rights' after women accuse him of sexual harassment". kathmandupost.ekantipur.com. Retrieved November 4, 2018.
 Akinloye, Dimeji. "Horror stories of how these Nigerian women were raped". Retrieved April 24, 2018.
 IZUGBARA, C. OTUTUBIKEY (December 2, 2004). "Patriarchal Ideology and Discourses of Sexuality in Nigeria" (PDF). Understanding Human Sexuality Seminar Series. 2: 27 – via academia.edu.
 IZUGBARA, C. OTUTUBIKEY (December 2, 2004). "Patriarchal Ideology and Discourses of Sexuality in Nigeria" (PDF). Understanding Human Sexuality Seminar Series. 2: 2 – via academia.edu.
 "As #MeToo moves across the world, is Nigeria next?". Retrieved April 24, 2018.
 Peyton, Nellie. "#MeToo challenges taboo against admitting sexual abuse in Africa". U.S. Retrieved April 24, 2018.
 CNN, Stephanie Busari and Torera Idowu. "The #MeToo stories you haven't heard: Meet the women speaking out in Nigeria". Retrieved April 24, 2018.
 #stilleforopptak: 590 norske kvinnelige skuespillere tar et oppgjør med ukulturen i norsk TV, film og teater Archived November 23, 2017, at the Wayback Machine, Aftenposten
 "#nårdansenstopper: "På turné kaller han en av danserne hore etter å ha sett henne på en bar"". December 12, 2017. Archived from the original on January 30, 2018.
 #nårmusikkenstilner: «Plutselig stakk han to fingre inn i meg under skjørtet mitt». Archived December 11, 2017, at the Wayback Machine November 27, 2017
 Trond Giske trekker seg som Ap-nestleder Archived January 8, 2018, at the Wayback Machine, Aftenposten
 "Giske 'sick,' and his future in doubt". newsinenglish.no. Archived from the original on January 8, 2018.
 "Slik har #metoo truffet norsk politikk". January 11, 2018. Archived from the original on February 1, 2018.
 15 varsler i Høyre, 10 gjelder Tonning Riise Archived January 20, 2018, at the Wayback Machine January 16, 2018
 Leirstein foreslo trekantsex med 15 år gammel FpU-gutt Archived February 1, 2018, at the Wayback Machine January 12, 2018
 "NA approves harsher punishments for child abuse". The Express Tribune. Retrieved February 13, 2018.
 "NA passes bill to impose stricter punishment on sex offenders". Pakistan Today. Retrieved February 13, 2018.
 "Child molester, pornographer to face up to 20 years imprisonment". Dunya News. Retrieved October 25, 2017.
 "NA Okays 14–20 years' jail time for child sex offenders". Daily times. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
 (www.dw.com), Deutsche Welle. "#MeToo movement in Pakistan: 'We've had enough' | All media content | DW | January 29, 2018". DW.COM. Archived from the original on January 29, 2018. Retrieved January 30, 2018.
 Zubair, Hamna (July 20, 2018). "We need to talk about Teefa in Trouble". Images. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "The open expression of misogyny at the premiere of 'Teefa in Trouble' – Global Village Space". Global Village Space. July 21, 2018. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "Teefa's in Trouble and so is Ali Zafar". Samaa TV. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 Staff, Images (July 21, 2018). "Protests take place outside cinemas as Teefa in Trouble premieres this weekend". Images. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 Magazine, Dheet (July 12, 2018). "How Ali Zafar puppeteers Pakistani media to invalidate strong women". Medium. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "Police detain protesters at Ali Zafar's Teefa in Trouble screening in Nueplex Karachi". cutacut. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "Demonstrations against Ali Zafar disrupt Teefa in Trouble's premiere". cutacut. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "Sexual Harassment Controversy Leaves Teefa in Real Trouble". UrduPoint. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "Feroze Khan Just Gave The Middle Finger To Protestors at The 'Teefa in Trouble' Premiere Last Night". MangoBaaz. July 20, 2018. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "Feroze Khan Loses His Cool at Protesters at Teefa in Trouble Premiere – Brandsynario". Brandsynario. July 20, 2018. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "Misogyny in trouble – Daily Times". Daily Times. July 22, 2018. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 Editor, Rabab Khan, Community Interactivity (July 21, 2018). "We support sexual harassment: Pakistani businessman". Gulf News. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "White Lies". Pakistan Today. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "Teefa in Trouble Protesters in Karachi Were Allegedly Beaten Up By Rangers And Pakistanis Are Furious". MangoBaaz. July 21, 2018. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "Protests erupt against Ali Zafar's 'Teefa in Trouble' – Daily Times". Daily Times. July 22, 2018. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "Stand-up comedian Junaid Akram accused of sexual assault, harassment". Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 Staff, Images (October 11, 2018). "As #MeToo picks up in Pakistan, Junaid Akram and Faisal Edhi are accused of sexual harassment". Images. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "Multiple women accuse Junaid Akram of sexual harassment | The Express Tribune". The Express Tribune. October 11, 2018. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "Urooj Zia on Twitter". Twitter. Retrieved October 19, 2018.[non-primary source needed]
 "Female journalist accuses Abdul Sattar Edhi's son Faisal Edhi of sexual harassment". Pakistan Today. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
 "What #MeToo has meant around the world". Devex. November 26, 2018. Retrieved November 28, 2018.
 "Now Filipina journalists are saying #MeToo". asiancorrespondent.com. Retrieved November 28, 2018.
 "How President Duterte Sparked an Uprising of Filipina Women". Time. Retrieved November 28, 2018.
 Shin, Ji-min; Seon, Dahm-eun (March 1, 2018). "MeToo movement having lasting impact on South Korean society after just one month". Hankyoreh. Retrieved March 1, 2018.
 Smith, Nicola (February 28, 2018). "South Korean public prosecutor sparks country's #Metoo moment with allegations of groping". The Daily Telegraph.
 Choe, Sang-hun (February 19, 2018). "A Director's Apology Adds Momentum to South Korea's #MeToo Movement". The New York Times. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
 Park, Jin-hai (February 25, 2018). "#MeToo is another 'candlelight protest'". The Korea Times. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
 Kil, Sonia (February 21, 2018). "Korean Stage Director Lee Yoon-taek Accused of Rape". Variety. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
 Chun, Geum-joo (February 22, 2018). [영상] "성기에 나무젓가락 꽂아…" 손석희도 놀란 홍선주의 폭로. Kukmin Ilbo (in Korean). Retrieved February 28, 2018.
 "Theater director Lee apologizes amid sex assault allegations". The Korea Times. March 17, 2018. Retrieved May 26, 2018.
 Park, Jin-hai (February 25, 2018). "#MeToo is another 'candlelight protest'". The Korea Times. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
 Yoon, So-yeon (February 19, 2018). "Theater bigwig Lee Youn-taek apologizes for sexual abuse". Korea JoongAng Daily. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
 Baek, Yoong-hee (February 23, 2018). ‘나의 아저씨’ 측 "오달수 촬영? 배우 측 입장 기다리는 중". MBN Star (in Korean). Retrieved February 27, 2018.
 Moon, Soo-yeon (February 23, 2018). 오달수 측 "죄송하다, 할 말 없다"…'성추행·채국희와 결별' 답변 회피. Sports Today (in Korean). Retrieved February 27, 2018.
 Kim, Bo-ra (February 23, 2018). [단독] 오달수·채국희 결별..5년 공개 열애 마침표. Osen (in Korean). Retrieved February 27, 2018.
 Kim, Mi-hwa (February 26, 2018). [미투]오달수 "성추행 주장, 결코 사실 아냐..심려 끼쳐 죄송"(전문). Star News (in Korean). Retrieved February 27, 2018.
 Kim, Ji-ah (February 26, 2018). '의혹 부인' 입장 냈지만…"오달수에 성폭행도 당해". jtbc News (in Korean). Retrieved February 27, 2018.
 Park, Kwi-im (February 26, 2018). ‘성추문’ 오달수, 10일 침묵→부인·사과→성폭행 주장→강경대응 [종합]. TV Report (in Korean). Retrieved February 27, 2018.
 연극배우 엄지영 "오달수, 사과는 커녕 없던 일로 만들어…또 다른 피해자 있을 것". The Dong-a Ilbo (in Korean). February 27, 2018. Retrieved February 27, 2018.
 Jun, Hyung-hwa (February 27, 2018). [미투]오달수 측, 피해자 엄지영 실명 보도에 "확인 시간 필요". Star News (in Korean). Retrieved February 27, 2018.
 Jung, An-ji (February 27, 2018). [공식입장 전문]'나의 아저씨' 측 "오달수, 제작진과 협의 끝에 최종 하차 결정". Sports Chosun (in Korean). Retrieved February 27, 2018.
 "Actor Oh Dal-soo belatedly admits to sexual abuse". Yonhap News. February 28, 2018. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
 "Actor denies allegations of sexual assault". Yonhap News. February 20, 2018. Retrieved March 2, 2018.
 "Jo Min-ki denies abuse allegations". Korean JoongAng Daily. February 21, 2018. Retrieved March 2, 2018.
 "Actor Jo Min-ki drops out of new drama amid sexual abuse allegations". Yonhap News. February 21, 2018. Retrieved May 24, 2018.
 "Police book actor Jo Min-ki over string of sexual abuse allegations". Yonhap News. February 27, 2018. Retrieved March 2, 2018.
 "[BREAKING] #MeToo-hit actor Jo Min-ki found dead in apparent suicide". The Korea Times. Retrieved March 9, 2018.
 '미투 가해자 의혹' 조민기, 광진구서 숨진 채 발견(1보). Yonhap News (in Korean). Retrieved March 9, 2018.
 Ryall, Julian (March 12, 2018). "South Korean actor's suicide triggers backlash against #MeToo". The Telegraph. Retrieved March 12, 2018.
 "Two popular actors embroiled in sexual abuse allegations". Yonhap News Agency. February 23, 2018. Retrieved May 24, 2018.
 "(LEAD) Veteran actor Cho Jae-hyun apologizes to sexual abuse victims". Yonhap News Agency. February 24, 2018. Retrieved May 24, 2018.
 Kang, Hyun-kyung (March 1, 2018). "Ko Un – why it took so long for his sexual misconduct to be revealed". The Korea Times.
 Flood, Alison (March 2, 2018). "Poet Ko Un erased from Korean textbooks after sexual harassment claims". The Guardian.
 Steger, Isabella. "South Korea's #MeToo movement just got started". Quartz. Archived from the original on January 30, 2018. Retrieved January 30, 2018.
 Fendos, Justin. "The #MeToo Movement Finally Arrives in South Korea". The Diplomat.
 Shim, Sun-ah (February 28, 2018). "(Yonhap Feature) One month into South Korea's MeToo movement ... who's next?". Yonhap News. Retrieved May 24, 2018.
 Herman, Tamar (February 26, 2018). "#MeToo Begins to Gain Traction in South Korea's Entertainment World". Billboard. Retrieved May 24, 2018.
 "South Chungcheong Gov. An Hee-jung resigns for raping secretary". Korea JoongAng Daily. Retrieved March 6, 2018.
 Herald, The Korea (March 5, 2018). "S. Chungcheong Governor An to step down after rape allegations". Retrieved March 6, 2018.
 "민주, 수행비서 성폭행 의혹 안희정 출당·제명 결정(종합)". News1. Naver. Retrieved March 5, 2018.
 Ro, Eju (May 23, 2018). "#MeToo breaks silence in South Korea". The Korean Times. Retrieved May 24, 2018.
 "Woman executive of South Korea's Hyundai Motor resigns amid #MeToo…". Reporting by Joyce Lee; Editing by Clarence Fernandez. Reuters. Retrieved April 4, 2018.
 Alcelay, Carlos; Escalona, Maribel (October 25, 2017). "Varias actrices denuncian acoso en el cine español" [Several actresses denounce harassment in Spanish cinema]. El Mundo (in Spanish). Archived from the original on December 25, 2017. Retrieved December 28, 2017.
 "Leticia Dolera, a su acosador: "Eres un cerdo"" [Leticia Dolera, to her harasser: "You are a pig"]. El Periódico (in Spanish). October 26, 2017. Archived from the original on November 2, 2017. Retrieved December 28, 2017.
 "El acoso sexual llega al cine español: estas son las actrices que lo denuncian" [Sexual harassment reaches Spanish cinema: these are the actresses who denounce it]. El Español (in Spanish). October 29, 2017. Archived from the original on December 25, 2017. Retrieved December 28, 2017.
 Herreria, Carla (April 29, 2018). "Thousands Protest Across Spain After 5 Men Are Cleared of Gang Rape". HuffPost. Retrieved November 23, 2018.
 "Martin Timell anklagas för sexism och rasism under inspelningar av "Äntligen hemma"". Expressen. Archived from the original on October 19, 2017. Retrieved October 20, 2017.
 "Timell bryter tystnaden och erkänner: "Är chockad över att jag gjort så mycket fel"". Expressen. Archived from the original on October 20, 2017. Retrieved October 20, 2017.
 "Swedish media probe sexual offence allegations". The Local. October 20, 2017. Archived from the original on October 20, 2017. Retrieved October 20, 2017.
 "Cissi Wallin om anklagelserna mot Virtanen: "Bara toppen av ett isberg"". Archived from the original on November 26, 2017.
 "King of Sweden: 'Something good will come of #MeToo'". November 30, 2017. Archived from the original on January 6, 2018. Retrieved January 6, 2018.
 Welle (www.dw.com), Deutsche. "One year of #MeToo: A timeline of events – DW – 15.10.2018". DW.COM. Retrieved January 20, 2019.
 Wiman, Björn (April 15, 2018). "Scandal in Sweden: Nobel prize for literature faces #MeToo moment". The Guardian. Retrieved January 20, 2019.
 Journalistkåren har förtigit mäns våld mot kvinnor Archived January 27, 2018, at the Wayback Machine, Svenska Dagbladet
 Hennes forskning hånades – #metoo kan ge upprättelse Archived January 27, 2018, at the Wayback Machine, Svenska Dagbladet
 "Activist 'warned' about pursuing rape claim". BBC News. October 31, 2017. Archived from the original on November 6, 2017. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
 Wootson Jr, Cleve R. (October 29, 2017). "A British minister admits he made his secretary buy sex toys as #MeToo hits Parliament". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on November 3, 2017. Retrieved October 29, 2017.
 Rampen, Julia. "That Charity Dinner Was Just the Tip of the Iceberg of the British Elite's Culture of Sexism and Harassment". Slate.
 "# metoo movement: An awareness campaign". ResearchGate. Retrieved November 28, 2018.
 "Jordan Peterson debate on the gender pay gap, campus protests and postmodernism", Channel 4 News's YouTube channel, January 16, 2018. Retrieved April 1, 2018.
 Revesz, Rachael (January 21, 2018). "Misogynistic abuse against Cathy Newman is a symbol of the backlash against the MeToo movement". The Independent. Archived from the original on February 8, 2018. Retrieved February 7, 2018.
External links
 Media related to MeToo (hashtag) at Wikimedia Commons
vte
Weinstein effect
Woman-power emblem.svgFeminism portalSexual orientation - 4 symbols.svgSexuality portalCrystal Clear app linneighborhood.svgInternet portalHumanRightsLogo.svgHuman rights portalPeace sign.svgSocial movements portal
vte
Sydney Peace Prize laureates
Categories: 2017 in internet culture2018 in internet cultureFeminist movements and ideologiesFeminismHashtagsInternet-based activismOctober 2017 eventsPhrases21st-century social movementsSexual harassmentSexual misconduct allegationsViolence against menViolence against women2017 in women's history
Navigation menu
Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog inArticleTalkReadEditView historySearch

Search Wikipedia
Main page
Contents
Featured content
Current events
Random article
Donate to Wikipedia
Wikipedia store
Interaction
Help
About Wikipedia
Community portal
Recent changes
Contact page
Tools
What links here
Related changes
Upload file
Special pages
Permanent link
Page information
Wikidata item
Cite this page
In other projects
Wikimedia Commons
Print/export
Create a book
Download as PDF
Printable version

Languages
العربية
Deutsch
Español
Français
한국어
Italiano
Русский
Tiếng Việt
中文
29 more
Edit links
This page was last edited on 29 May 2019, at 21:13 (UTC).
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.
Privacy policyAbout WikipediaDisclaimersContact WikipediaDevelopersCookie statementMobile viewWikimedia Foundation Powered by MediaWiki
263
celebrities, politicians, CEOs, and others who have been accused of sexual misconduct since April 2017
Scroll down
TYSON O'REILLY RONALDO HANNITY KALANICK CALDBECK MCCLURE SACCA KELLY BOLLING POLANSKI ELNASHAI BELOVE JAEGER PAYNE KNOWLES WEINSTEIN MARCHANT NELLY AFFLECK STONE PRICE TRUMP VON TRIER GRASHAM WEINSTEIN COURTNEY SCOBLE SAVINO BLAINE STEELE BESH TOBACK JENNINGS KATH LANDESMAN WIESELTIER GUERRERO BUSH HALPERIN BAKER BOCANEGRA WEBSTER FISH SPACEY WHALEN KELLEY HEATHERTON PIVEN DICK ORESKES HOFFMAN RATNER CARTER CORN MASTERSON RUBIN VENIT HAFFORD MENDOZA MARSHALL WESTWICK TAMBOR KNEPPER SIMMONS BALAZS WEINER C.K. MOORE SEAGAL LEBSOCK SMYRE TAKEI KREISBERG GODDARD DREYFUSS WENNER BERGANZA NASSAR JENSEN SCHWAHN INGENITO SIZEMORE LACEY KRUSE LARSEN HENRY JEREMY STALLONE FRANKEN ZIMMERMAN MILLER GOODMAN THRUSH CONYERS ROSE LASSETER ARNAULT KEILLOR LAUER RUSH PISHEVAR FARENTHOLD HOROVITZ HOCKENBERRY KIHUEN LEVINE DABABNEH MARTINS SINGER MARTINEZ ISALY URESTI MILES STEIN HOWARD FRANKS FORD JR. ASHBROOK HEELY KOZINSKI MCNABB WEINBERGER EVANS TAYLOR FAULK LIZZA BATALI JOHNSON FRIEDMAN SMILEY KERN MURRAY SPURLOCK SCOTT OGDEN RAMSEY MILLER MARSHALL SCHWARTZ LOPATE HAZEN LEWANDOWSKI MOJICA JAMES GERMANO CREIGHTON HALLOWELL CARRASQUILLO AYERS HARMON BUTTS SCHULTZ SAVAGE TOOKER BRAUN HAGGIS VEREEN LEE GREITENS KLEIN ROSEN FRANCO ANSARI TESTINO WEBER KRAMER MUQTAR DOUGLAS LEVINSOHN MEEHAN MOORE LUBIN KENNEALLY COPPERFIELD STRIDER WYNN BAIO WALK CANDAPPA WITTY PACELLE SHAPIRO MARCIANO CIRRINCIONE ZWERDLING KLEIN GARCIA HUTCHISON CRANE TEMPLER BELLEMERE KADEL PASSOS SABAL DEMARCHELIER KETTLE SNEED USSERY HANDLER FEINBERG KRAUSS BERK SEACREST DOMÍNGUEZ FRANKLIN JONES ALEXIE ISABELLA FERRO REECE HYBELS RANIERE STRAMPEL KRICFALUSI NIXON SPARKS JACOBY STRONG MACK BROKAW CÁRDENAS JOHNSON DÍAZ SCHNEIDERMAN VANN TYNDALL TINSLEY BESSON JR. FREEMAN HARDWICK MELLOR AYALA HILL CAPORELLA RODRIGUEZ KRATOCHVIL DAY WATT GUILFOYLE COLEMAN SAUER MOONVES RONELL ARGENTO FRIEDEN FINLAY CARLSON PARNEROS DEPARDIEU STRIEGEL KEYES KAVANAUGH WILSON SCHWERTNER ALVAREZ SINGHAL DEVAUL RUBIN BAUMAN WEATHERLY SHAW
Updated: Jan. 9, 2019

The list keeps getting longer.

Since April 2017, more than 250 powerful people — celebrities, politicians, CEOs, and others — have been the subject of sexual harassment, assault, or other misconduct allegations. More survivors are coming forward nearly every day, many of them inspired and emboldened by those who have gone before.

Vox has compiled — and continues to update — a running list of influential people from a variety of industries who have faced new public accusations of sexual misconduct since Fox News host Bill O’Reilly was forced to resign in April 2017.

We decided to start our list with O’Reilly because his departure from Fox helped set the stage for reports against Harvey Weinstein — which, in turn, helped raise awareness around the #MeToo movement and kick off the reckoning around sexual misconduct that continues to this day, in Hollywood, Washington, and around the country.

More than 150 people have been added to the list since it was first published in December 2017. We have also removed two people because we determined they did not fit the criteria for inclusion on the list. One was accused of inappropriate behavior toward women but was not publicly accused of sexual misconduct. The other was in an entry-level position and so was neither powerful nor influential. Click to view the accused in the following fields:

Arts & Entertainment
101
Media
57
Business & Tech
19
Politics
46
Other
40
Arts & Entertainment
Media
Business & Tech
Politics
Other
Back to INDUSTRIES
1 / 101
Photo of Frankie Shaw
Frankie Shaw
Creator and star, Showtime's SMILF
Publicly reported December 17, 2018

Multiple staffers have said she mishandled sex scenes, and one says she took off her own shirt in a dispute over onscreen nudity.

Sources/more info: 1

“She uses this idea of being feminist and a progressive as camouflage.”

anonymous, SMILF staffer
Photo of Michael Weatherly
Michael Weatherly
Actor, CBS's Bull
Publicly reported December 13, 2018

A co-star says he made inappropriate comments to her, including a rape joke. After she confronted him, she was written off the show.

Sources/more info: 1

“My story is true and it’s really affected me.”

Eliza Dushku, actress
Anonymous silhouette
Steven Wilder Striegel
Actor
Publicly reported September 6, 2018

A woman has said he sexually abused her when she was 14. He pleaded guilty to two felonies in 2010 in connection with the allegations, and served six months in jail. 20th Century Fox has deleted a scene featuring him from The Predator.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I have no shame for what was done to me. I am not the one who needs to carry that shame.”

Paige Carnes, who reported that Striegel abused her
Photo of Gerard Depardieu
Gerard Depardieu
Actor
Publicly reported August 30, 2018

An actress has said he raped her. French authorities are investigating.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The actress told police she had been assaulted by the actor twice this month at Depardieu’s home in Paris.”

the New York Magazine vertical The Cut
Photo of Chase Finlay
Chase Finlay
Former principal dancer, New York City Ballet
Publicly reported August 28, 2018

A woman said he shared naked pictures of her without her consent. He has left the New York City Ballet.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“[Finlay] had been secretly recording and saving explicit photographs and videos of [Alexandra Waterbury] while she was without clothing and/or while the two were engaged in sexual activities.”

lawsuit filed by Alexandra Waterbury against New York City Ballet
Photo of Asia Argento
Asia Argento
Actress, director, #MeToo advocate
Publicly reported August 19, 2018

A man says she sexually assaulted him when he was 17. She has been fired from X Factor Italy.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“My trauma resurfaced as she came out as a victim herself.”

Jimmy Bennett, actor
Anonymous silhouette
Rick Day
Photographer
Publicly reported July 24, 2018

Multiple men have reported sexual assault or other sexual misconduct by Day during photo shoots.

Sources/more info: 1 2

[Day] “got way too handsy on just about every part of my body.”

Zach Zakar, model
Photo of Chris Hardwick
Chris Hardwick
Co-founder, Nerdist; host, Talking with Chris Hardwick
Publicly reported June 14, 2018

A woman has said he sexually assaulted and emotionally abused her. AMC suspended his show, but has reinstated it after an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I’m still recovering from being sexually used.”

Chloe Dykstra, actress
Photo of Morgan Freeman
Morgan Freeman
Actor; co-founder, Revelations Entertainment
Publicly reported May 24, 2018

Eight women have alleged sexual harassment and “inappropriate behavior,” including sexually charged remarks and unwanted touching.

Sources/more info: 1

“We knew that if he was coming by … not to wear any top that would show our breasts, not to wear anything that would show our bottoms.”

senior production staff member on the film Now You See Me
Photo of Luc Besson
Luc Besson
Director
Publicly reported May 19, 2018

Multiple people have said he raped, sexually assaulted, or sexually harassed them. French police are investigating the rape allegation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I became his private Barbie doll whom he could control, dress and break.”

Sand Van Roy, actress
Photo of Boyd Tinsley
Boyd Tinsley
Violinist; former member, Dave Matthews Band; member, Crystal Garden
Publicly reported May 17, 2018

A man has sued Tinsley, saying Tinsley subjected him to unwanted touching and masturbated in front of him, among other unwanted behavior, while they were bandmates in Crystal Garden. Tinsley has been fired from the Dave Matthews Band.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“[H]e was masturbating next to me while I was sleeping, and he had his hand on my ass”

James Frost-Winn, trumpet player
Photo of Ameer Vann
Ameer Vann
Rapper; former member, Brockhampton
Publicly reported May 11, 2018

Two women have said he was verbally abusive or emotionally manipulative to them in relationships, and others have made secondhand allegations that he had sex with underage girls. He has since left Brockhampton and the group has issued an apology.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“Not only is he a predator and cheater, he also degrades women”

Rhett Rowan, singer-songwriter
Photo of Junot Díaz
Junot Díaz
Author; creative writing professor, MIT
Publicly reported May 4, 2018

A woman has reported that he forcibly kissed her, and others have said he subjected them to misogynistic or verbally abusive behavior. He has resigned as chair of the Pulitzer Prize Board, and MIT has launched an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I was an unknown wide-eyed 26 yo, and he used it as an opportunity to corner and forcibly kiss me.”

Zinzi Clemmons, author
Photo of Allison Mack
Allison Mack
Actress
Publicly reported April 24, 2018

She has been charged with sex trafficking in connection with allegations that she recruited women to become “slaves” in the group Nxivm.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Ms. Mack was one of the top members of a highly organized scheme which was designed to provide sex to [Nxivm co-founder Keith Raniere]"

assistant US attorney Moira Penza
Photo of Nicholas Nixon
Nicholas Nixon
Photographer; former photography professor, Massachusetts College of Art and Design
Publicly reported April 4, 2018

Multiple former students have said that Nixon made inappropriate comments, sent them inappropriate emails, or asked them to pose nude. He has retired from MassArt and is the subject of a Title IX investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“It felt like the conversation always led back to sex.”

anonymous, to the Boston Globe
Photo of John Kricfalusi
John Kricfalusi
Creator, The Ren & Stimpy Show
Publicly reported March 29, 2018

One woman has said Kricfalusi sexually abused her when she was a minor, while another says he subjected her to sexually inappropriate behavior when she was a minor and later sexually harassed her. Cartoon Network and Adult Swim have said they will not work with him in future.

Sources/more info: 1

“My entire life had been suspended in John’s since I was fourteen.”

Robyn Byrd, professor
Photo of Sherman Alexie
Sherman Alexie
Author
Publicly reported March 5, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he made inappropriate comments or unwanted advances toward them. He has declined a literary prize and delayed the publication of an upcoming memoir.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I […] felt that he had so much power that I should probably not make a fuss about this.”

Elissa Washuta, author
Photo of Jeff Franklin
Jeff Franklin
Former showrunner, Fuller House
Publicly reported February 28, 2018

He has been accused of making inappropriate comments about his sex life in the workplace, and giving women he dated bit parts on Fuller House. He has been dropped from the show, and his TV deal with Warner Bros. will not be renewed.

Sources/more info: 1

“Studio executives were warned that Franklin ‘was a walking lawsuit waiting to happen.’”

Cynthia Littleton, Variety
Photo of Philip Berk
Philip Berk
Former president, Hollywood Foreign Press Association
Publicly reported February 22, 2018

A man has reported that Berk groped him. The HFPA is investigating the incident.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I felt ill. I felt like a little kid. I felt like there was a ball in my throat. I thought I was going to cry.”

Brendan Fraser, actor
Photo of Daniel Handler
Daniel Handler
Author, also known as Lemony Snicket
Publicly reported February 21, 2018

Multiple women say he made inappropriate sexual comments in front of and about them.

Sources/more info: 1

“It was way over the line, and made me feel smaller.”

Allie Jane Bruce, children's librarian
Photo of Patrick Demarchelier
Patrick Demarchelier
Photographer
Publicly reported February 16, 2018

Multiple women have said he made unwanted advances toward them. The magazine publisher Condé Nast has stopped working with him “for the foreseeable future.”

Sources/more info: 1

“It hurts my heart so much to think of how many girls, many my own daughter’s age who have had to fend off or give in to his advances because I didn’t speak up at the time.”

anonymous, in an email to a modeling group
Anonymous silhouette
Seth Sabal
Photographer
Publicly reported February 16, 2018

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed them.

Sources/more info: 1

“Three models have accused Sabal of sexual harassment during the mid-2000s.”

Jenn Abelson and Sacha Pfeiffer, Boston Globe
Anonymous silhouette
Andre Passos
Photographer
Publicly reported February 16, 2018

A woman has said he inserted his fingers into her vagina during a shoot when she was a teenager.

Sources/more info: 1

“Former model Dasha Alexander said she was 15 when he inserted his fingers in her vagina while taking her picture about 20 years ago, saying it would give the photos ‘more emotion.'”

Jenn Abelson and Sacha Pfeiffer, Boston Globe
Photo of Greg Kadel
Greg Kadel
Photographer
Publicly reported February 16, 2018

Multiple women have said he made unwanted advances when they were teenagers, while another said he pressured her to strip naked. Condé Nast and Victoria’s Secret have stopped working with him.

Sources/more info: 1

“Kadel helped the teenager land gig after gig with Victoria’s Secret, all while subjecting her to ongoing harassment, she said, until she refused to work with him”

Jenn Abelson and Sacha Pfeiffer, Boston Globe
Photo of David Bellemere
David Bellemere
Photographer
Publicly reported February 16, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he subjected them to unwanted touching and other inappropriate behavior. Victoria’s Secret has cut ties with him.

Sources/more info: 1

“I felt like I had no choices.”

Madisyn Ritland, model
Photo of Karl Templer
Karl Templer
Stylist
Publicly reported February 16, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he touched them inappropriately or aggressively during shoots.

Sources/more info: 1

“He was trying to get me naked. […] He was trying to pull off my clothes without my permission.”

anonymous, to Boston Globe
Photo of Vincent Cirrincione
Vincent Cirrincione
Talent manager
Publicly reported February 2, 2018

Multiple women have said he made unwanted advances toward them, and several said he preyed specifically on young women of color. He has shut down his agency.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The price I paid for having my good professional relationship with him was giving up my sense of self, of wholeness, of personal worth.”

anonymous, to the Washington Post
Photo of Paul Marciano
Paul Marciano
Co-founder, Guess
Publicly reported February 1, 2018

A woman has reported that he repeatedly subjected her to unwanted touching, kissing, and other advances. He has stepped away from daily responsibilities at Guess.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It took a huge toll on my confidence and self-worth. I wanted to quit modeling.”

Kate Upton, model
Photo of Charlie Walk
Charlie Walk
Former president, the Republic Group
Publicly reported January 29, 2018

Multiple women have accused him of harassment and inappropriate touching. He has left the Republic Group.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“You would instant message me throughout the day making sexual remarks. Truly vulgar words and ideas. Pervasively.”

Tristan Coopersmith, psychotherapist
Photo of Scott Baio
Scott Baio
Actor
Publicly reported January 27, 2018

A woman has reported that Baio sexually abused her when she was a minor, and a man has said Baio sexually harassed him.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He was playing not only on my emotions, but my hormones and all of those things.”

Nicole Eggert, actress
Photo of David Copperfield
David Copperfield
Magician
Publicly reported January 25, 2018

A woman has reported that he drugged and sexually assaulted her when she was 17.

Sources/more info: 1

“I remember my clothes being taken off.”

Brittney Lewis, former model
Photo of Barry Lubin
Barry Lubin
Former clown, Big Apple Circus
Publicly reported January 23, 2018

A woman has reported that he pressured her to pose for pornographic photos when she was 16. He has resigned from the Big Apple Circus.

Sources/more info: 1

“I just felt really confused and lost and ashamed.”

Zoey Dunne, former circus performer
Photo of Michael Douglas
Michael Douglas
Actor
Publicly reported January 18, 2018

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her and masturbated in front of her.

Sources/more info: 1

“I realized he thought he could do anything he wanted because he was so much more powerful than I was.”

Susan Braudy, writer
Anonymous silhouette
Joel Kramer
Stunt coordinator
Publicly reported January 13, 2018

A woman has reported that he sexually abused her when she was underage, and another says he sexually assaulted her. He has been dropped as a client by Worldwide Production Agency.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I was 12, he was 36. It is incomprehensible.”

Eliza Dushku, actress
Photo of Bruce Weber
Bruce Weber
Photographer
Publicly reported January 13, 2018

Multiple men have said he pressured them to pose nude or subjected them to unwanted touching.

Sources/more info: 1

“I felt helpless. […] Like my agency said, he has a lot of power.”

**Josh Ardolf, model
Photo of Mario Testino
Mario Testino
Photographer
Publicly reported January 13, 2018

Multiple men have said he groped them or masturbated in front of them, or made unwanted advances.

Sources/more info: 1

“He was a sexual predator.”

Ryan Locke, model
Photo of Aziz Ansari
Aziz Ansari
Actor, comedian
Publicly reported January 13, 2018

A woman has said he subjected her to unwanted touching and pressure to have sex during a date.

Sources/more info: 1

“I cried the whole ride home. At that point I felt violated.”

Grace, to Babe.net
Photo of James Franco
James Franco
Actor; founder, Studio 4 film school
Publicly reported January 11, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he engaged in inappropriate or sexually exploitative behavior with them.

Sources/more info: 1

“I feel there was an abuse of power, and there was a culture of exploiting non-celebrity women, and a culture of women being replaceable.”

Sarah Tither-Kaplan, actress and filmmaker
Photo of Stan Lee
Stan Lee
Comic book writer; former editor-in-chief, Marvel Comics
Publicly reported January 9, 2018

Multiple nurses have accused Lee of sexually harassing them while they were caring for him, and another woman has alleged that he masturbated in front of her and groped her.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The owner at the nursing company has openly said to people that Stan has sexually harassed every single nurse that has been to the house.”

anonymous, to the Daily Mail
Photo of Ben Vereen
Ben Vereen
Actor, director
Publicly reported January 5, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he subjected them to inappropriate comments or unwanted touching, including pressing his genitals against them.

Sources/more info: 1

“I just felt powerless because I thought I really needed his help and guidance.”

Kim, actress, to the New York Daily News
Photo of Paul Haggis
Paul Haggis
Director, screenwriter
Publicly reported January 5, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he raped or forcibly kissed them. He has resigned as chair of the board for Artists for Peace and Justice, a charity he founded.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I felt like my life could have been over.”

anonymous, to the Associated Press
Photo of Albert Schultz
Albert Schultz
Actor; artistic director, Soulpepper Theatre Company
Publicly reported January 3, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he committed sexual battery or sexual harassment against them. He is taking a leave of absence from the Soulpepper Theatre Company.

Sources/more info: 1

“I didn’t have a name for it at the time, but I did fall into a depression.”

Patricia Fagan, actress
Photo of Dan Harmon
Dan Harmon
Writer; producer; creator, Community
Publicly reported January 2, 2018

A former employee has reported that he sexually harassed her, and he has admitted to and apologized for the behavior.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It took me years to believe in my talents again, to trust a boss when he complimented me and not cringe when he asked for my number.”

Megan Ganz, writer
Anonymous silhouette
Dustin Marshall
Founder, Feral Audio podcast network
Publicly reported December 21, 2017

A former partner says he abused and harassed her. He is shutting down Feral Audio.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“One night he broke into my house and crawled into bed with me, saying that we ‘really needed to talk’”

Abby Weems, musician
Photo of T.J. Miller
T.J. Miller
Actor, comedian
Publicly reported December 19, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually assaulted her, and others have said he harassed them or made abusive or transphobic comments.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“It is unfathomable to me that he doesn’t understand that he actually put me through something I have to live with […] that completely, completely set the tone for my sexual adult life.”

anonymous, to the Daily Beast
Photo of Morgan Spurlock
Morgan Spurlock
Director
Publicly reported December 14, 2017

He said he has been accused of rape and sexual harassment. He has stepped down from his production company and other companies have cut ties or stopped distribution of his projects.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5

“We stand in solidarity with the victims.”

spokesperson for Pretty Matches and Refinery29, announcing the suspension of a docuseries on women's issues that Spurlock was to produce
Photo of Jon Heely
Jon Heely
Director of music publishing, Disney
Publicly reported December 8, 2017

He is accused of sexually abusing two underage girls. He has been charged with three felony counts of child sexual abuse and suspended without pay from Disney.

Sources/more info: 1

“Immediately upon learning of this situation tonight, he has been suspended without pay until the matter is resolved by the courts.”

Disney spokesperson, to Variety
Photo of Melanie Martinez
Melanie Martinez
Singer-songwriter
Publicly reported December 5, 2017

A woman has said that Martinez raped her.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I never said yes. I said no, repeatedly. But she used her power over me, and broke me down.”

Timothy Heller, singer
Photo of Bryan Singer 
Bryan Singer
Director
Publicly reported December 4, 2017

A man has sued Singer, saying he was raped by Singer at the age of 17.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“He smirked and said, if I say anything, he was very popular and could basically ruin my reputation.”

Cesar Sanchez-Guzman
Photo of Peter Martins
Peter Martins
Retired ballet master in chief, New York City Ballet
Publicly reported December 4, 2017

Multiple people say he sexually harassed or verbally or physically abused them, or abused his power through sexual relationships with other dancers. He has retired.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5

“He’s yanking me around to the left and to the right, he’s digging his left thumb and his middle finger — I felt like he was piercing my muscle.”

Victor Ostrovsky, former student, School of American Ballet
Photo of James Levine
James Levine
Former conductor, Metropolitan Opera
Publicly reported December 3, 2017

Multiple men have reported that he sexually abused them, some when they were teenagers. He has been fired from the Met, and the Ravinia Festival has cut ties with him.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I saw him as a safe, protective person, he took advantage of me, he abused me and it has really messed me up.”

Ashok Pai
Photo of Israel Horovitz
Israel Horovitz
Playwright
Publicly reported November 30, 2017

Multiple women have said that he sexually harassed, sexually assaulted, or raped them. The Gloucester Stage theater has cut ties with him.

Sources/more info: 1

“I felt close to him like a grandfather, but also he was a somewhat famous guy whose time I felt privileged to have. […] For the man who represented all that, to treat me the way he did, was the ultimate betrayal.”

Maia Ermansons
Photo of Geoffrey Rush
Geoffrey Rush
Actor
Publicly reported November 30, 2017

Two former co-stars have said he subjected them to unwanted sexual comments and inappropriate behavior.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“[T]here was a small shaving mirror over the top of the partition between the showers and he was using it to look down at my naked body.”

Yael Stone, actress
Photo of Jean-Claude Arnault
Jean-Claude Arnault
Photographer; influential Swedish cultural figure; husband of Swedish Academy member
Publicly reported November 24, 2017

Multiple women have said he raped or sexually harassed them. He was convicted on two counts of rape in Sweden and sentenced to two and a half years in prison. The allegations caused the awarding of the Nobel Prize in Literature to be delayed.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“[T]here had been no flirtation or touch. I just found a hand up my crotch.”

Gabriella Håkansson, author
Photo of John Lasseter
John Lasseter
CEO, Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios
Publicly reported November 21, 2017

Multiple people said he had a pattern of sexually harassing women. He has taken a leave of absence from Pixar.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He hugged and hugged and everyone’s looking at you. Just invading the space.”

anonymous, to the Hollywood Reporter
Photo of Murray Miller
Murray Miller
Writer, Girls
Publicly reported November 17, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually assaulted her when she was 17 years old. Police have launched an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“At some point, I woke up in Murray’s bed naked. He was on top of me having sexual intercourse with me. At no time did I consent to any sexual contact with Murray."

Aurora Perrineau, actress
Photo of Sylvester Stallone
Sylvester Stallone
Actor
Publicly reported November 16, 2017

A woman has reported that he and another man sexually assaulted her when she was 16.

Sources/more info: 1

“I’m kind of scared and I’m very ashamed. I don’t want anybody else to have that happen to them, but I don’t want to prosecute.”

anonymous, to police, according to the Daily Mail
Photo of Ron Jeremy
Ron Jeremy
Adult film actor
Publicly reported November 15, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he raped or sexually assaulted them, or subjected them to unwanted touching. He has been dropped from at least two industry events.

Sources/more info: 1

“It felt like he had preplanned this in his head, like he did this to everybody.”

Lynsey G., journalist
Photo of Andy Henry
Andy Henry
Casting staff
Publicly reported November 15, 2017

Multiple women say he told them to take off their clothes as part of what he described as an acting exercise. He was fired from the show CSI and his firm in 2008 as a result of the reports, and placed on a leave of absence from his job in 2017 when the reports became public.

Sources/more info: 1

“It really planted a seed in my head, that maybe I wasn’t good enough. Of, what did I do wrong?”

Catherine Black, actress
Photo of Jesse Lacey
Jesse Lacey
Lead vocalist, guitarist, Brand New
Publicly reported November 13, 2017

Two women have said he solicited explicit photos from them when they were minors, along with other sexually abusive behavior. The band has postponed upcoming shows.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“This will definitely stay with me for the rest of my life.”

Nicole Elizabeth Garey
Photo of Tom Sizemore
Tom Sizemore
Actor
Publicly reported November 13, 2017

Multiple cast and crew members have said he sexually abused a young girl on a film set, and he has been convicted of physically abusing and harassing an ex-girlfriend.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“At one point her eyes got just huge, like she could’ve vomited. I was watching her.”

Robyn Adamson, actress, describing the girl Sizemore allegedly abused
Photo of Mark Schwahn
Mark Schwahn
Showrunner, One Tree Hill and The Royals
Publicly reported November 13, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed, manipulated, or made inappropriate comments to them while they worked on The Royals or One Tree Hill. He has been fired from The Royals.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“Many of us were spoken to in ways that ran the spectrum from deeply upsetting, to traumatizing, to downright illegal. And a few of us were put in positions where we felt physically unsafe.”

18 female cast and crew members of One Tree Hill, in an open letter
Photo of Peter Aalbæk Jensen
Peter Aalbæk Jensen
Co-founder (with Lars von Trier), Zentropa production company
Publicly reported November 12, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he groped them or helped create a hostile working environment.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I saw women being degraded. According to the Zentropa propaganda, I would be part of an ‘alternative work culture’, but in reality, I encountered an old-fashioned, patriarchal power structure.”

Anna Mette Lundtofte, writer and journalist
Photo of Eddie Berganza
Eddie Berganza
Former editor, DC Comics
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed them. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“I was physically ill from being stressed all the time and trying to hide it. I just felt like I needed to get out, however I could.”

Liz Gehrlein Marsham, children's author
Photo of Richard Dreyfuss
Richard Dreyfuss
Actor
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her over a period of years, once exposing himself to her.

Sources/more info: 1

“He created a very hostile work environment, where I felt sexualized, objectified, and unsafe.”

Jessica Teich, writer
Photo of Gary Goddard
Gary Goddard
CEO, the Goddard Group
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

Eight men have reported that he sexually abused them when they were minors. He has taken a leave of absence from the Goddard Group.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“My vulnerability was exploited. I was molested by Goddard, my best friend was raped by him  —  and this went on for years.”

Anthony Edwards, actor
Photo of Andrew Kreisberg
Andrew Kreisberg
Former showrunner, Supergirl, Arrow
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

More than a dozen people who worked with him have said he had a pattern of sexual harassment, including unwanted kissing and touching. He has been fired by Warner Bros. TV Group.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“It was an environment in which women — assistants, writers, executives, directors — were all evaluated based on their bodies, not on their work.”

Anonymous male writer, to Variety
Photo of George Takei
George Takei
Actor
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

A man reported that Takei drugged and groped him. The accuser has since walked back most of the story.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I just want him to apologize for taking advantage of our friendship.”

Scott R. Brunton, former actor and model
Photo of Steven Seagal 
Steven Seagal
Actor
Publicly reported November 9, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed or behaved threateningly toward them.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I thought about like, ‘I was the last girl that day. How many girls had to take off their clothes? How many girls had to do more?’”

Jenny McCarthy, actress
Photo of Louis C.K.
Louis C.K.
Comedian
Publicly reported November 9, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed them, in some cases by masturbating in front of them. A wide release for his upcoming film and his standup special have been canceled; several media companies have ended their relationships with him.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It was just actually sort of common knowledge in the comedy world. […] People made jokes about it all the time.”

Rebecca Corry, comedian
Photo of Matthew Weiner
Matthew Weiner
Showrunner
Publicly reported November 9, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I had the Emmy, but instead of being able to use that as a launch pad for the rest of my career, it became an anchor because I felt I had to answer to speculative stories in the press. […] I eventually walked away instead of fighting back.”

Kater Gordon, writer
Photo of Russell Simmons 
Russell Simmons
Music executive
Publicly reported November 9, 2017

Multiple women have accused him of rape, sexual assault, or battery. He has stepped down from his companies.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5

“I couldn’t open the doors. I couldn’t open the windows. The car was moving. The driver did not stop. He did not take me to 19th Street. He took me to your apartment.”

Jenny Lumet, screenwriter
Photo of Robert Knepper
Robert Knepper
Actor
Publicly reported November 8, 2017

Multiple women have accused him of sexual assault.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I just sat there and cried for a while. My dress was torn, I was dirty.”

Susan Bertram, costume designer
Photo of Jeffrey Tambor
Jeffrey Tambor
Actor
Publicly reported November 8, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed or forcibly kissed them. He has left the show Transparent.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Given the journey and circumstances of my life, I was used to being treated as a sexual object by men — this one just happened to be famous.”

Trace Lysette, actress
Photo of Ed Westwick
Ed Westwick
Actor
Publicly reported November 7, 2017

Multiple women have accused him of sexual assault or rape. Several television shows have been postponed or have paused his involvement while police investigate.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“My other friends and people around me told me it was best not to say anything, to not be ‘that girl’ and that no one would believe me.”

Aurélie Wynn, former actress
Photo of Adam Venit
Adam Venit
Agent, WME
Publicly reported November 3, 2017

A man has reported that Venit sexually assaulted him. Venit was suspended for a month and has been demoted.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“This whole thing with Harvey Weinstein is giving me PTSD. Why? Because this kind of thing happened to ME.”

Terry Crews, actor
Photo of Danny Masterson
Danny Masterson
Actor
Publicly reported November 2, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he raped them. He has been written out of Netflix’s The Ranch, and law enforcement has begun an investigation into the case.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“According to a report filed with the Los Angeles Police Department, the woman said Masterson raped her while she was ‘passed out,’ and when she awoke and realized he was raping her, she struggled with him until he choked her and she passed out again.”

Yashar Ali, HuffPost
Photo of Nick Carter
Nick Carter
Lead singer, Backstreet Boys
Publicly reported November 2, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually assaulted her in 2003. Prosecutors have declined to bring criminal charges because the statute of limitations has expired.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I told him to stop, but he didn’t.”

Melissa Schuman, former singer
Photo of Brett Ratner
Brett Ratner
Producer, director
Publicly reported November 1, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually assaulted or harassed them.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I don’t know how different I would be today — less hardened, less jaded, more trusting, all those things — if it never happened.”

Natasha Henstridge, actress
Photo of Dustin Hoffman
Dustin Hoffman
Actor
Publicly reported November 1, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed or assaulted them.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“My heart aches for the awkward virgin with the bad hair who had only been kissed three times in her life, laughing as the man her father’s age talked about breasts and sex. I want to weep that she found this charming.”

Anna Graham Hunter, writer
Photo of Andy Dick
Andy Dick
Actor and comedian
Publicly reported October 31, 2017

Multiple people said he groped and harassed men and women on film sets. He has been fired from two films.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He systematically went woman by woman and just said a bunch of gross things almost mechanically, robotically, and made every single one of them uncomfortable.”

anonymous, to Vulture
Photo of Jeremy Piven
Jeremy Piven
Actor
Publicly reported October 31, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually assaulted or harassed them.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I ran outside and hailed a cab and I just burst into tears. I cried the entire way back to my hotel.”

Tiffany Bacon Scourby, ad executive
Photo of Kevin Spacey
Kevin Spacey
Actor
Publicly reported October 29, 2017

Multiple men have reported that he sexually harassed or assaulted them, or made sexual advances when they were underage. He has been fired from House of Cards and police are investigating.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8

“What he left me with, more than what he took from me, was a sense that I deserved this. And that’s the knot I’m still untangling.”

anonymous, to Vulture
Photo of Kirt Webster
Kirt Webster
Publicist
Publicly reported October 27, 2017

A man has said Webster sexually assaulted him. Webster has stepped away from his PR firm.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“For years, I was so ashamed, and since then, I’ve overdosed once and I’ve slit my wrists another time.”

Austin Rick, former country singer
Photo of Ken Baker
Ken Baker
Senior correspondent, E News
Publicly reported October 26, 2017

Two women have said he sexually harassed them. He is not appearing on air while E investigates.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I almost feel like it’s a power trip. It’s like, ‘I can do these things.‘”

anonymous, to the Wrap
Photo of Ethan Kath
Ethan Kath
Co-founder, Crystal Castles
Publicly reported October 24, 2017

A former bandmate has reported that he raped and physically and psychologically abused her.

Sources/more info: 1

“It has taken me years to recover from enduring almost a decade of abuse, manipulation and psychological control. I am still recovering.”

Alice Glass, singer
Photo of James Toback
James Toback
Director, screenwriter
Publicly reported October 22, 2017

More than 200 women have reported unwanted touching or advances, including several who said he masturbated in front of them. He has been dropped by his agent.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I was shocked and frozen and didn’t know what to do. I thought if I resisted, it could get worse.”

Terri Conn, actress
Photo of David Blaine
David Blaine
Magician
Publicly reported October 19, 2017

A woman has reported that he raped her. Police are investigating.

Sources/more info: 1

“After this happened, I didn’t want to go out, and I didn’t want to go to my castings. I wouldn’t get the job because now I was insecure.”

Natasha Prince, art dealer
Photo of Chris Savino
Chris Savino
Animator; creator, The Loud House
Publicly reported October 19, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed them or subjected them to unwanted advances or other inappropriate behavior. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“I had an opportunity to work at Nickelodeon a long time ago and I didn’t take the job because I knew he would be inside the studio.”

anonymous, to Cartoon Brew
Photo of Bob Weinstein
Bob Weinstein
Producer; co-founder, the Weinstein Company
Publicly reported October 17, 2017

A woman has said that he sexually harassed her over a period of months.

Sources/more info: 1

“He didn’t want a friendship. He wanted more than that.”

Amanda Segel, showrunner
Anonymous silhouette
Tyler Grasham
Former agent, APA
Publicly reported October 17, 2017

Multiple men have said that he sexually assaulted them or made unwanted advances. He has been fired, and police have launched an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I told him no but he asked me to cuddle and kiss. I didn’t want it to ruin my career, so I did.”

Brady Lindsey
Photo of Lars von Trier
Lars von Trier
Director
Publicly reported October 17, 2017

A woman has accused him of a months-long pattern of sexual harassment.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I didn’t comply or agree on being sexually harassed. That was then portrayed as me being difficult. If being difficult is standing up to being treated like that, I’ll own it.”

Björk, singer-songwriter
Photo of Roy Price 
Roy Price
Former head, Amazon Studios
Publicly reported October 12, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her. He has resigned from Amazon.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It was shocking and surreal.”

Isa Hackett, executive producer
Photo of Oliver Stone
Oliver Stone
Director
Publicly reported October 12, 2017

One woman has reported that he groped her, while another said his behavior after a meeting made her uncomfortable.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I still remember the cocky grin on his face like he got away with something.”

Carrie Stevens, model and actress
Photo of Ben Affleck
Ben Affleck
Actor
Publicly reported October 10, 2017

Two women have reported that he groped them.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I had to laugh back then so I wouldn’t cry.”

Hilarie Burton, actress
Photo of Nelly
Nelly
Rapper
Publicly reported October 7, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually assaulted her.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Afterward, Greene says she was screaming she wanted off the bus … and an entourage member pushed her off, and Nelly threw a $100 bill at her and said, ‘Bye bye.'”

TMZ
Photo of Harvey Weinstein
Harvey Weinstein
Producer; co-founder, the Weinstein Company
Publicly reported October 5, 2017

More than 80 women have reported that he sexually harassed, sexually assaulted, or raped them, in incidents dating back decades. He has been fired from the Weinstein Company.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“Just his body, his presence, his face, bring me back to the little girl that I was when I was twenty-one. […] When I see him, it makes me feel little and stupid and weak.”

Asia Argento, actress
Photo of Hadrian Belove
Hadrian Belove
Former executive managing director, Cinefamily
Publicly reported August 23, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her, and others say he judged female employees on their looks and dated subordinates. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“When I started volunteering, I was told he liked to test the new meat.”

Karina Chacham, former volunteer, Cinefamily
Anonymous silhouette
Shadie Elnashai
Former vice president, Cinefamily board of directors
Publicly reported August 23, 2017

Multiple people have said he inappropriately touched or pursued female subordinates. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Shadie doesn’t watch the movies — he just hits on girls in the back.”

anonymous, to BuzzFeed News
Photo of Roman Polanski 
Roman Polanski
Director, producer, writer
Publicly reported August 15, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he raped or sexually abused them when they were under 18. He has pleaded guilty to statutory rape.

Sources/more info: 1

“How do I know there aren’t other victims? How do I know that he’s not still doing this?”

Marianne Barnard, artist
Photo of Robert "R." Kelly
Robert "R." Kelly
Singer-songwriter
Publicly reported July 17, 2017

Multiple people have accused him of controlling the sex lives and even eating habits of women who live in his properties. He was acquitted in 2008 of child pornography charges. His lawyer, publicist, and assistant have quit, and Spotify has stopped promoting his music.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“R. Kelly is the sweetest person you will ever want to meet. […] But Robert is the devil.”

Asante McGee
                                                                                                    
Back to INDUSTRIES
1 / 57
Photo of Les Moonves
Les Moonves
Former CEO, CBS
Publicly reported August 6, 2018

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed or assaulted them. He has stepped down from CBS.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“What happened to me was a sexual assault, and then I was fired for not participating.”

Illeana Douglas, actress and writer
Photo of Kimberly Guilfoyle
Kimberly Guilfoyle
Former Fox News host
Publicly reported July 27, 2018

Multiple people have said she showed colleagues photographs of male genitals, discussed sexual matters at work, or was emotionally abusive. She has left Fox News.

Sources/more info: 1

“Six sources said Guilfoyle’s behavior included showing personal photographs of male genitalia to colleagues (and identifying whose genitals they were)”

Yashar Ali, HuffPost
Photo of Antonin Kratochvil
Antonin Kratochvil
Photojournalist
Publicly reported July 16, 2018

Multiple people have said he harassed and groped them or others. He has resigned from the photo agency he helped found.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I […] didn’t say anything because I didn’t want to be seen as, you know, the cliched hysterical woman complaining about things.”

Anastasia Taylor-Lind, photojournalist
Photo of Christian Rodriguez
Christian Rodriguez
Photojournalist
Publicly reported July 16, 2018

Multiple women say he sexually harassed them, in many cases after offering them mentorship or a job. He has been dropped by the prestigious photographers' collective Prime.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He jumped on the bed, he was on top of me, making pictures.”

Lina Botero, photographer
Photo of Tom Brokaw
Tom Brokaw
Journalist; former anchor, NBC Nightly News
Publicly reported April 26, 2018

Three women have said he made unwanted advances toward them in the 1990s.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I felt powerless to say no. He could ruin my career.”

Linda Vester, former NBC correspondent
Anonymous silhouette
Michael Ferro
Former chair, Tronc
Publicly reported March 19, 2018

Two women have said Ferro subjected them to unwanted kissing or touching in what they thought were business meetings. Others have said he behaved inappropriately with female employees. He has resigned from Tronc.

Sources/more info: 1

“I suddenly realized that I was alone in this apartment with him and that it might not be very easy to leave.”

Kathryn Minshew, startup co-founder
Photo of Alex Jones
Alex Jones
Founder, Infowars
Publicly reported February 28, 2018

A woman has reported that he groped her, sexually harassed her, and made a racist comment toward her, as well as created a hostile work environment for other women.

Sources/more info: 1

“I knew that he had specifically touched my behind at that moment as a sly come-on that other people may not notice.”

Ashley Beckford, former production assistant, Free Speech Systems
Photo of Ryan Seacrest
Ryan Seacrest
TV host
Publicly reported February 26, 2018

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed and assaulted her, including groping her and grinding his genitals against her.

Sources/more info: 1

“As proud as I am and as strong as a woman as I am, as smart as I am and as much work as I’ve done with therapists, it really affected me.”

Suzie Hardy, stylist
Photo of Daniel Zwerdling
Daniel Zwerdling
Former investigative correspondent, NPR
Publicly reported February 6, 2018

Multiple people have reported that he sexually harassed them or engaged in inappropriate behavior. He has retired from NPR.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Now I’m literally afraid of men in the workplace.”

anonymous, to Current
Photo of Patrick Witty
Patrick Witty
Photojournalist; former National Geographic photographer
Publicly reported January 29, 2018

Multiple women say he subjected them to unwanted kissing or advances. He no longer works at National Geographic.

Sources/more info: 1

“It felt like he didn’t take me or my work seriously.”

Andrea Wise, photographer and editor
Anonymous silhouette
Dayan Candappa
Chief content officer, Newsweek Media Group; former Americas editor, Reuters
Publicly reported January 29, 2018

A subordinate at Reuters reported that he repeatedly sexually harassed her. He was removed from his job at Reuters. Newsweek placed him on leave after the Reuters case became public, but reinstated him after an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The next day in the office, he told her she was ‘heartbreakingly beautiful,’ according to the complaint.”

Rossalyn Warren, BuzzFeed News
Photo of Robert Moore
Robert Moore
Former managing editor, New York Daily News
Publicly reported January 22, 2018

Multiple former employees have said he sexually harassed co-workers. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He had all the power there.”

anonymous, to HuffPost
Photo of Ross Levinsohn
Ross Levinsohn
Former publisher, Los Angeles Times
Publicly reported January 18, 2018

He has been sued in two separate sexual harassment lawsuits. He was placed on unpaid leave at the Los Angeles Times, and then resigned. After an investigation cleared him, he was named CEO of a new unit within the Times’s parent company, Tronc.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“Ross created a definite frat boys' club […] They openly would rate women.”

Jessie Dennen, former recruitment chief, Alta Vista
Photo of James Rosen
James Rosen
Former chief Washington correspondent, Fox News
Publicly reported January 10, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he made unwanted advances toward them. He has left Fox News.

Sources/more info: 1

“In a shared cab ride back from a meal, Rosen groped her, grabbing her breast. After she rebuffed his advance, Rosen sought to steal away her sources and stories related to his interests in diplomacy and national security.”

David Folkenflik, NPR
Anonymous silhouette
Kevin Braun
Former editor-in-chief, E&E News
Publicly reported January 5, 2018

He has been placed on leave to complete treatment for inappropriate behavior, including sexual harassment.

Sources/more info: 1

“He will be on an indefinite leave of at least six months to address personal matters that have negatively affected his relationship with the company and our staff.”

Michael Witt, publisher, E&E News
Anonymous silhouette
Steve Butts
Former editor-in-chief, IGN
Publicly reported January 3, 2018

An employee has reported that he committed sexual harassment, and a former employee says he mishandled her report of sexual harassment by another co-worker. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“He told me, ‘Don’t be so uptight about it.’”

Kallie Plagge, editor
Photo of H. Brandt Ayers
H. Brandt Ayers
Chair of the Consolidated Publishing Company, which publishes the Anniston Star
Publicly reported January 1, 2018

Multiple women say he spanked them against their will when they worked with him at the Anniston Star in Anniston, Alabama.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I was still determined to be a reporter after that. […] But I hated Brandy Ayers with every cell in my body.”

Veronica Pike Kennedy, former Anniston Star reporter
Photo of Adrian Carrasquillo
Adrian Carrasquillo
Former White House correspondent, BuzzFeed News
Publicly reported December 27, 2017

A co-worker reported receiving an inappropriate message from him. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“In responding to a complaint filed last week by an employee, we learned that Adrian violated our Code of Conduct by sending an inappropriate message to a colleague.”

BuzzFeed spokesperson, to Business Insider
Photo of Andrew Creighton
Andrew Creighton
President, Vice Media
Publicly reported December 23, 2017

A woman said she was fired after she turned down a sexual relationship with him. He has been placed on leave.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“There is a toxic environment where men can say the most disgusting things, joke about sex openly, and overall a toxic environment where women are treated far inferior than men.”

Sandra Miller, former head of branded production, Vice Media
Photo of Mike Germano
Mike Germano
Chief digital officer, Vice Media
Publicly reported December 23, 2017

Two women have reported that he made inappropriate comments or touched them inappropriately. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Many women join VICE at an early and vulnerable point in their career. For some, sexual harassment and conscious and unconscious prejudice have overshadowed their future in journalism and severely damaged their confidence.”

Vice UK workers, in an open letter
Anonymous silhouette
Rhys James
Producer, Vice Media
Publicly reported December 23, 2017

A woman reported that he made racist and sexist comments to her. He has been placed on leave.

Sources/more info: 1

“Among Ms. Fuertes-Knight’s claims were that a Vice producer, Rhys James, had made racist and sexist statements to her, including asking about the color of her nipples and whether she slept with black men.”

Emily Steel, New York Times
Photo of Jason Mojica
Jason Mojica
Former head of Vice News
Publicly reported December 23, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he subjected them to unwanted touching or advances, or retaliated after a sexual relationship. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“As women, we get harassed everywhere and we don’t feel compelled to report it because it’s not considered a reportable offense."

Abby Ellis, journalist
Photo of Don Hazen
Don Hazen
Former executive editor, AlterNet
Publicly reported December 21, 2017

Multiple women say he sexually harassed them. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Every in-person meeting I had with him, which I understood to be a requirement of my employment, felt like an excuse for him to sexually harass me.”

Laura Gottesdiener, journalist
Photo of Leonard Lopate
Leonard Lopate
Former radio host, WNYC
Publicly reported December 21, 2017

Multiple people say he made inappopriate comments or sexually harassed them. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“Leonard definitely said inappropriate things to me and my coworkers. A lot.”

anonymous, to WNYC
Photo of Jonathan Schwartz
Jonathan Schwartz
Former radio host, WNYC
Publicly reported December 21, 2017

Two women say he made inappopriate comments to them, and one of them says he also touched her in an unwelcome way. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“It wasn’t the least bit traumatic. It was inappropriate.”

Kerry Nolan, radio host
Photo of Tavis Smiley
Tavis Smiley
Host, Tavis Smiley
Publicly reported December 13, 2017

Multiple people have said he had sexual relationships with subordinates and created an abusive and threatening environment. His show has been suspended.

Sources/more info: 1

“Some witnesses interviewed expressed concern that their employment status was linked to the status of a sexual relationship with Smiley.”

Daniel Holloway, Variety
Photo of Ryan Lizza 
Ryan Lizza
Former reporter, New Yorker
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

A woman has said he engaged in sexual misconduct. He has been fired by the New Yorker.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Our client reported Mr. Lizza’s actions to ensure that he would be held accountable and in the hope that by coming forward she would help other potential victims.”

Douglas H. Wigdor, lawyer for the accuser
Photo of Marshall Faulk
Marshall Faulk
Analyst, NFL Network; former NFL player
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her. He has been suspended by the NFL Network.

Sources/more info: 1

“Faulk would ask Cantor ‘deeply personal and invasive questions’ about her sex life; he also fondled her breasts and groped her behind, according to the complaint.”

Jordyn Holman and Scott Soshnick, Bloomberg
Photo of Ike Taylor
Ike Taylor
Analyst, NFL Network; former NFL player
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her. He has been suspended by the NFL Network.

Sources/more info: 1

“Taylor sent Cantor ‘sexually inappropriate’ pictures and a video of him masturbating in the shower, according to the filing.”

Jordyn Holman and Scott Soshnick, Bloomberg
Photo of Heath Evans
Heath Evans
Analyst, NFL Network; former NFL player
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her. He has been suspended by the NFL Network.

Sources/more info: 1

“It’s outrageous conduct.”

Laura Horton, lawyer for Jami Cantor, a former NFL Network stylist who is alleging sexual harassment
Photo of Eric Weinberger
Eric Weinberger
President, the Ringer; former NFL Network executive producer
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her. He has been suspended by the Ringer.

Sources/more info: 1

“Weinberger sent ‘several nude pictures of himself and sexually explicit texts’ and told Cantor she was ‘put on earth to pleasure me,’ according to the complaint.”

Jordyn Holman and Scott Soshnick, Bloomberg
Photo of Donovan McNabb
Donovan McNabb
Analyst, ESPN; former NFL player
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her. He has been suspended by ESPN.

Sources/more info: 1

“Donovan McNabb, a former analyst, also texted her explicit comments, according to the complaint.”

Jordyn Holman and Scott Soshnick, Bloomberg
Photo of Tom Ashbrook
Tom Ashbrook
Former radio host, WBUR
Publicly reported December 8, 2017

More than 20 current and former WBUR employees have said he verbally abused or intimidated them, or subjected them to unwanted touching. After an investigation, he has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I worry that Tom’s behavior discourages young women from continuing in journalism."

anonymous, to WBUR
Photo of Dylan Howard
Dylan Howard
Editor, National Enquirer, Us Weekly, and other publications
Publicly reported December 6, 2017

Multiple former employees said he sexually harassed women at work.

Sources/more info: 1

“It’s almost like I had Stockholm syndrome.”

anonymous, to the AP
Photo of Lorin Stein
Lorin Stein
Former editor, Paris Review
Publicly reported December 6, 2017

Multiple people have said he made unwanted advances on them, fostered a workplace culture in which looks mattered more than work, or had sex with subordinates. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1

“He wanted us to be pretty, he wanted us to act that role, and if we didn’t, we weren’t in the light of favor.”

Deirdre Foley-Mendelssohn, editor
Photo of John Hockenberry
John Hockenberry
Retired radio host, WNYC
Publicly reported December 1, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed them or sent unwanted sexual or suggestive messages. He has retired.

Sources/more info: 1

“He’d been very supportive of me, and I thought he’d only been like that because he wanted to sleep with me.”

anonymous, to the Cut
Photo of Matt Lauer
Matt Lauer
Former anchor, Today show
Publicly reported November 29, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed or assaulted them, including one who said she passed out during an assault. He has been fired from NBC.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He couldn’t sleep around town with celebrities or on the road with random people, because he’s Matt Lauer and he’s married. So he’d have to do it within his stable, where he exerted power, and he knew people wouldn’t ever complain.”

anonymous, to Variety
Photo of Garrison Keillor
Garrison Keillor
Founding host, A Prairie Home Companion
Publicly reported November 29, 2017

A woman reported that he subjected her to unwanted sexual touching. He has been dropped by Minnesota Public Radio and the Washington Post syndicate.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“Minnesota Public Radio (MPR) is terminating its contracts with Garrison Keillor and his private media companies after recently learning of allegations of his inappropriate behavior with an individual who worked with him.”

Minnesota Public Radio statement
Photo of Charlie Rose
Charlie Rose
Former anchor, CBS This Morning; former host, Charlie Rose
Publicly reported November 20, 2017

Multiple women have said that he sexually harassed them. He has been fired by CBS, PBS, and Bloomberg.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Everybody is terrified of him. […] He creates this environment of constant fear. And then he’ll shine a spotlight on you and make you feel amazing.”

anonymous, to the Washington Post
Photo of Glenn Thrush
Glenn Thrush
Reporter, New York Times
Publicly reported November 20, 2017

Multiple women have said that he made unwanted advances toward them. He was suspended by the New York Times and removed from the White House beat.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I hate feeling obligated to make him think I think everything is fine. […] It’s been this thing hanging over me. I feel like I have to be nice to this person just because he knows people.”

anonymous, to Vox
Anonymous silhouette
Matt Zimmerman
Former executive, NBC News
Publicly reported November 16, 2017

Multiple people have said he pursued relationships with young women who worked with him, and sent inappropriate text messages. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“We have recently learned that Matt Zimmerman engaged in inappropriate conduct with more than one woman at NBCU, which violated company policy. As a result, he has been dismissed.”

NBC News spokesperson
Photo of Kaj Larsen
Kaj Larsen
Former bureau chief, Vice
Publicly reported November 15, 2017

A woman has reported that he subjected her to unwanted touching and inappropriate sexual comments. He is no longer at the company.

Sources/more info: 1

“It felt like a threat. […] The way he looked at me, the way he grabbed my arm. I remember feeling scared.”

Phoebe Barghouty, former Vice associate producer
Anonymous silhouette
Vince Ingenito
Former editor, IGN
Publicly reported November 13, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed her and a female co-worker. In March, he said he had been laid off.

Sources/more info: 1

“It got to the point where I couldn’t work for multiple hours a day because I was having panic attacks, so I decided to quit.”

Kallie Plagge, editor
Photo of Jann Wenner
Jann Wenner
Publisher, Rolling Stone
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

Multiple people have said he sexually harassed or assaulted them or subjected them to unwanted advances or touching.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I hadn’t known exactly how violating sexual harassment really was until I felt the pull inside myself as he dangled that contract in front of my face (at the time I was quite desperate for work), while on the other hand I was filled with revulsion over his proposition.”

Ben Ryan, writer
Anonymous silhouette
Michael Hafford
Freelance writer; former "Male Feminist" columnist at Broadly, a Vice Media site
Publicly reported November 3, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he raped or abused them. He has been banned from contributing to Vice websites.

Sources/more info: 1

“I think I was in very deep denial that somebody who everybody knows and likes his writing would be capable of hurting me that much.”

Helen Donahue, former Vice writer and social media editor
Photo of David Corn
David Corn
DC bureau chief, Mother Jones
Publicly reported November 2, 2017

Multiple people have said he engaged in inappropriate workplace behavior, including unwanted touching and rape jokes. Mother Jones investigated previous reports, and did so again when new information surfaced, finding no misconduct.

Sources/more info: 1

“In the summer and fall of 2014, some women staffers reported that they had quit pitching stories involving rape because David’s reactions made them so uncomfortable.”

a former Mother Jones staffer
Photo of Michael Oreskes
Michael Oreskes
Former senior vice president of news and editorial director, NPR; former editor, New York Times
Publicly reported October 31, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed them. He has resigned from NPR.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The worst part of my whole encounter with Oreskes wasn’t the weird offers of room service lunch or the tongue kiss but the fact that he utterly destroyed my ambition.”

anonymous, to the Washington Post
Anonymous silhouette
Hamilton Fish
Former publisher, the New Republic; former president, the Nation Institute
Publicly reported October 29, 2017

Multiple people said he subjected female employees to inappropriate remarks, touching, and unfair treatment. He has resigned from the New Republic.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It all took place against a backdrop where there was no personnel handbook and no one in an HR role.”

anonymous, to HuffPost
Photo of Mark Halperin
Mark Halperin
Political journalist and author
Publicly reported October 25, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed them, in some cases by pressing his genitals against them. He has been dismissed by NBC News and MSNBC, and a book and TV project have been canceled.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“For the last 11 years, I have had to watch this guy find success in every other news organization.”

anonymous, to CNN
Photo of Leon Wieseltier
Leon Wieseltier
Former literary editor, the New Republic; founding editor, Idea: A Journal of Politics and Culture
Publicly reported October 24, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed them. The magazine he was to head has been shuttered.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I didn’t feel like there was ever any recourse for his behavior, because he was treated as a powerful, even untouchable, person, certainly more important and indispensable than me.”

Katherine Marsh, writer
Photo of Knight Landesman
Knight Landesman
Former publisher, Artforum
Publicly reported October 24, 2017

Multiple women and men have accused him of sexual harassment or unwanted touching. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Whenever I’d see him my body would contract in fear so I started avoiding him.”

anonymous
Photo of Lockhart Steele
Lockhart Steele
Former editorial director, Vox Media
Publicly reported October 20, 2017

A former employee has reported unwanted kissing and touching by him. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“[S]uddenly, in the dark corner of the car, he was kissing my neck.”

Eden Rohatensky, developer
Photo of Harry Knowles
Harry Knowles
Founder, Ain't It Cool News
Publicly reported September 23, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed or assaulted them. He has stepped down from Ain’t It Cool News.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“Harry sexually harassed me. He has sexually harassed other women in this community for years. This wasn’t an anomaly. He is a predator.”

Britt Hayes, film writer
Photo of Charles Payne
Charles Payne
Host, Fox Business; contributor, Fox News
Publicly reported September 18, 2017

A woman says that he raped her, and that Fox retaliated against her when she reported the experience. Payne was suspended but has returned to work following an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“In July of 2013, I was raped by Charles Payne. […] In July of 2017, I was raped again by Fox News.”

Scottie Nell Hughes, political commentator
Photo of Eric Bolling
Eric Bolling
Former host, Fox News
Publicly reported August 4, 2017

Multiple people say he sent unsolicited photos of male genitals to at least 3 colleagues. He has left Fox News, and his show has been canceled.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“The women did not solicit the messages, which they told colleagues were deeply upsetting and offensive.”

Yashar Ali, HuffPost
Photo of Sean Hannity 
Sean Hannity
Host, Fox News
Publicly reported April 21, 2017

A former Fox News guest has said he asked her to come back to his hotel, and did not invite her back on his show after she refused.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“After I said I wouldn’t go to his hotel, I was blacklisted from Fox News.”

Debbie Schlussel, lawyer and blogger
Photo of Bill O'Reilly
Bill O'Reilly
Former host, Fox News
Publicly reported April 1, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed them. He has been fired from Fox News.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It was like street harassment in the office.”

Perquita Burgess, former Fox temp worker
                                                        
Back to INDUSTRIES
1 / 19
Photo of Andy Rubin
Andy Rubin
Former Google executive
Publicly reported October 25, 2018

A Google employee accused him of coercing her into oral sex, and a company investigation found her claim credible, according to two Google executives. He resigned from Google in 2014 with a $90 million exit package.

Sources/more info: 1

“She agreed to meet him at a hotel, where she said he pressured her into oral sex.”

New York Times
Anonymous silhouette
Richard DeVaul
Google executive
Publicly reported October 25, 2018

A woman whom DeVaul had interviewed for a job says he invited her to what she thought was a professional meeting, then asked her to take off her shirt and offered her a back rub. He has apologized for an “error of judgment,” and Google has taken unspecified “corrective action.”

Sources/more info: 1

“I didn’t have enough spine or backbone to shut that down as a 24-year-old.”

Star Simpson, engineer
Photo of Amit Singhal
Amit Singhal
Former Google executive
Publicly reported October 25, 2018

An employee said that he groped her, according to three people briefed on the incident. He resigned and received an exit package worth millions of dollars, they said.

Sources/more info: 1

“In 2015, an employee said Mr. Singhal groped her at a boozy off-site event attended by dozens of colleagues, said three people who were briefed on the incident.”

New York Times
Anonymous silhouette
Demos Parneros
Former CEO, Barnes & Noble
Publicly reported August 28, 2018

A former employee said he sexually harassed her. He was fired for this and other violations of company policies, according to Barnes & Noble.

Sources/more info: 1

[Parneros was] “terminated for sexual harassment, bullying behavior and other violations of company policies.”

Barnes & Noble board of directors
Anonymous silhouette
Nick Caporella
Founder, National Beverage (manufacturer of LaCroix sparkling water)
Publicly reported July 3, 2018

Two pilots have said he touched them inappropriately while flying with them on his business jet. They are suing.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He’s trying to prove that he’s in control.”

Lee Schillinger, an attorney for one of the pilots reporting unwanted touching
Photo of Terdema Ussery
Terdema Ussery
Former president and CEO, Dallas Mavericks; former president of global sports, Under Armour
Publicly reported February 20, 2018

Multiple women say he subjected them to unwanted advances or touching, or other inappropriate behavior, while they worked for the Mavericks or Under Armour.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I felt trapped, frozen, scared.”

anonymous, to Sports Illustrated
Photo of Steve Wynn
Steve Wynn
Founder, Wynn Resorts; former finance chair, Republican National Committee
Publicly reported January 27, 2018

Dozens of people have said that he pressured female employees to perform sex acts, exposed himself, or engaged in unwanted touching. He has resigned from the RNC and from Wynn Resorts.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I was not brave enough to say, ‘How dare you?’”

Shawn Cardinal, former personal assistant to Wynn's ex-wife
Photo of Max Ogden
Max Ogden
Computer programmer; executive director, Code for Science & Society
Publicly reported December 15, 2017

A former partner reported that Ogden was sexually abusive, controlling, and coercive. Ogden has stepped down from leadership roles with Code for Science & Society and the Dat Project.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I think — all the time — about my silence. How it protected him while he abused me & protects him now.”

Jessica Lord, web developer
Photo of Harold Ford Jr. 
Harold Ford Jr.
Former managing director and senior client relationship manager, Morgan Stanley; former US representative (D-TN)
Publicly reported December 7, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually harassed and intimidated her. He has been fired from Morgan Stanley, but the bank now says he was not fired for sexual misconduct.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The woman alleged that Ford engaged in harassment, intimidation, and forcibly grabbed her one evening in Manhattan, leading her to seek aid from a building security guard.”

Yashar Ali, HuffPost
Anonymous silhouette
Sam Isaly
Co-founder, managing partner, OrbiMed
Publicly reported December 5, 2017

Multiple people have reported that he sexually harassed female employees. He announced plans to retire.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“It was like a fact of life that everyone had to accept. Sam just did what he could get away with.”

Yanping Ren, former OrbiMed intern
Photo of Shervin Pishevar
Shervin Pishevar
Venture capitalist; co-founder, Sherpa Capital
Publicly reported November 30, 2017

Multiple woman say he sexually assaulted or harassed them. He has resigned from Sherpa Capital.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I wanted to get career advice, and it was twisted into something else.”

anonymous, to Bloomberg
Photo of Howie Rubin
Howie Rubin
Former portfolio manager, Soros Fund Management
Publicly reported November 3, 2017

Three women have reported that he raped and beat them.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“While arrogance and self-import may convince certain men otherwise, neither money nor power gives any person the right to victimize a woman.”

Jeremy Saland, a lawyer for one of the women
Anonymous silhouette
Caleb Jennings
Former lead Chicago organizer, Fight for 15 (SEIU)
Publicly reported October 24, 2017

Multiple SEIU staffers reported that he had a sexist attitude and physically assaulted a female staffer, who was later fired. A criminal court found him not guilty of assault. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“The sexist and aggressive attitude of Caleb Jennings has created a toxic environment and fear inside the office of the FF15.”

four Chicago organizers, in an email to SEIU's president
Photo of Robert Scoble
Robert Scoble
Blogger; co-founder, the Transformation Group
Publicly reported October 19, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually assaulted or harassed them. He has resigned from the Transformation Group.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“It made me sick to work with him, but also he was offering so much help. […] As women we sometimes have to make tough choices. Do I want to call him out, or do I want to advance my career?”

anonymous, to TechCrunch
Photo of Scott Courtney
Scott Courtney
Former executive vice president, Service Employees International Union (SEIU)
Publicly reported October 19, 2017

Multiple people have said he had a history of relationships with young female SEIU staffers, who were later promoted. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Questions were raised about Executive Vice President Scott Courtney relating to a romantic relationship between a staff person and a supervisor.”

Mary Kay Henry, SEIU international president
Photo of Chris Sacca
Chris Sacca
Retired venture capital investor
Publicly reported June 30, 2017

A woman reported that he touched her face without her consent.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“There is such a massive imbalance of power that women in the industry often end up in distressing situations.”

Susan Wu, entrepreneur and investor
Photo of Dave McClure
Dave McClure
Investor; co-founder, 500 Startups
Publicly reported June 30, 2017

A woman has reported that he sexually assaulted her, and another says he made an unwanted advance. He has said he made inappropriate advances to multiple women and has resigned from 500 Startups.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“It’s the worst position to be in when you feel helpless about something you know was outright wrong.”

Cheryl Yeoh, entrepreneur
Photo of Justin Caldbeck
Justin Caldbeck
Co-founder, former managing partner, Binary Capital
Publicly reported June 24, 2017

Multiple women have said he made unwanted advances toward them. He has resigned from Binary Capital.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“While we’re happy that he apologized and we’re happy especially for the support of the amazing women and men, our strong preference would have been to not be in this position to begin with.”

Leiti Hsu, co-founder of the startup Journy
Photo of Travis Kalanick
Travis Kalanick
Founder, Uber
Publicly reported June 17, 2017

A female employee has said he visited a bar with escort services, along with her and other employees, making her uncomfortable. Multiple employees also reported discrimination, sexual harassment, and a toxic environment at the company. Kalanick has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Every time something ridiculous happened, every time a sexist email was sent, I’d sent a short report to HR just to keep a record going.”

Susan J. Fowler, former Uber engineer
                  
Back to INDUSTRIES
1 / 46
Photo of Eric Bauman
Eric Bauman
Former chair, California Democratic Party
Publicly reported November 28, 2018

Multiple people say he made sexually explicit comments in the workplace and other professional settings, and engaged in unwanted touching. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I felt really embarrassed, almost ashamed, and uncomfortable.”

Grace Leekley, temporary party staffer
Anonymous silhouette
Albert J. Alvarez
Former chief of staff, New Jersey Schools Development Authority
Publicly reported October 10, 2018

A woman has said he sexually assaulted her when they both worked on New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy’s campaign. He has resigned from his position with the New Jersey schools.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I straight up said: ‘This is not consensual.’”

Katie Brennan, chief of staff, New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency
Photo of Charles Schwertner
Charles Schwertner
Texas state senator (R-Georgetown)
Publicly reported September 25, 2018

A graduate student at UT Austin said he sent her an explicit text message. A UT Austin investigation found it was “plausible” that a third party had sent the message, though Schwertner did not fully cooperate with the investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Please stop the inappropriate texts, it is unprofessional.”

anonymous, graduate student, in a message to Schwertner
Photo of Brett Kavanaugh
Brett Kavanaugh
Supreme Court justice
Publicly reported September 14, 2018

A woman has said he sexually assaulted her, another has said he thrust his genitals in her face without her consent, and others have said they witnessed abusive or inappropriate behavior by him. After a hearing and FBI investigation into some of the allegations, he was confirmed to the Supreme Court.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5

“I thought that Brett was accidentally going to kill me.”

Christine Blasey Ford, psychology professor
Photo of David Keyes
David Keyes
Former spokesperson for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel
Publicly reported September 11, 2018

A woman has said he sexually assaulted her, and three others have said he tried to bully them into sex. He has resigned as Netanyahu’s spokesperson.

Sources/more info: 1

“It was completely nonconsensual.”

Julia Salazar, New York state Senate candidate
Photo of Tom Frieden
Tom Frieden
Former director, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Publicly reported August 24, 2018

A woman reported that he groped her. He has been charged with sexual abuse, forcible touching, and harassment.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I saw his face again and I realized all this man had been doing was protecting himself.”

the woman who has reported that Frieden groped her
Anonymous silhouette
Nick Sauer
Former state representative, Illinois (R-51st district)
Publicly reported August 1, 2018

An ex-girlfriend has said he posted nude photos of her on a fake Instagram account without her consent. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Nick would use [a fake Instagram account] to direct message men with my photos to engage in graphic conversations of a sexual nature.”

Kate Kelly, ex-girlfriend of Nick Sauer
Photo of Corey Coleman
Corey Coleman
Former personnel chief, Federal Emergency Management Agency
Publicly reported July 30, 2018

He is under investigation in connection with allegations that he sexually harassed an employee and created an environment in which women were hired as possible sex partners for male employees. He has resigned from FEMA.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“What we uncovered was a systemic problem going back years.”

William "Brock" Long, FEMA administrator
Photo of Mel Watt
Mel Watt
Director, Federal Housing Finance Agency (Democrat)
Publicly reported July 27, 2018

An employee has said he sexually harassed her. He is under investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I felt vulnerable and unsafe.”

Simone Grimes, supervisory program management analyst, FHFA
Photo of Curtis Hill
Curtis Hill
Attorney general, Indiana (Republican)
Publicly reported July 2, 2018

A lawmaker, two staffers, and another woman have said he touched them inappropriately. He is under criminal investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“[H]e grabbed my hand and moved both of our hands over my butt, lingering there before releasing me.”

Niki DaSilva, Indiana state Senate aide
Photo of Eric Schneiderman
Eric Schneiderman
Former attorney general, New York (D)
Publicly reported May 7, 2018

Multiple women have said he physically abused them, in some cases during sex. He has resigned. After an investigation, prosecutors announced he would not face criminal charges.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Taking a strong woman and tearing her to pieces is his jam.”

Michelle Manning Barish, writer and activist
Photo of Clay Johnson
Clay Johnson
Political technoogy expert; former lead programmer, Howard Dean campaign
Publicly reported May 4, 2018

Two women have said he sexually assaulted them, and others have said he made inappropriate sexual comments.

Sources/more info: 1

“[B]efore I could say anything, the next thing I remember is I was pinned on his bed.”

Sarah Schacht, former Howard Dean campaign staffer
Photo of Tony Cárdenas
Tony Cárdenas
US representative (D-CA)
Publicly reported April 27, 2018

A woman has sued, alleging that an unnamed elected official sexually assaulted her when she was a teenager. Cárdenas has confirmed he is the subject of the suit, though he denies the allegations.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“The suit alleges sexual battery, assault and intentional infliction of emotional distress.”

Dakota Smith, Los Angeles Times
Anonymous silhouette
Benton Strong
Former associate director for communications, Center for American Progress Action Fund; former employee, Seattle Office of Sustainability and Energy
Publicly reported April 23, 2018

Two women have reported that he made inappropriate comments or sent unwanted, sexually explicit text messages. Another woman reported that he harassed and assaulted her after a breakup in college. He has resigned from his job with the city of Seattle.

Sources/more info: 1

“I surely expected better out of an organization that housed a national campaign on sexual assault.”

Mary, in a memo to CAP
Anonymous silhouette
Benjamin Sparks
Political adviser
Publicly reported April 4, 2018

Sparks’s ex-fiancée has said that he sexually enslaved and battered her. He has been fired from the consulting firm where he was the political affairs director and has been charged with misdemeanor domestic battery.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Over the last month it escalated into very rough sex where he’d actually hurt me."

anonymous, to the Las Vegas Review-Journal
Anonymous silhouette
Nicholas Kettle
Former Rhode Island state senator (R-Coventry)
Publicly reported February 19, 2018

He has been charged with video voyeurism for allegedly sending nude photos of a woman without her knowledge, and with extorting sex from a teenage state House page. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“Mr. Kettle stated that he needed to be ‘stealthy’ and was asking [the friend] for advice on how to take a video without [his girlfriend] knowing.”

Robert Hopkins, Rhode Island state police detective
Anonymous silhouette
Ed Crane
Co-founder, Cato Institute
Publicly reported February 8, 2018

Multiple woman say he sexually harassed them, and others say he made inappropriate comments about women’s bodies and clothing in the workplace.

Sources/more info: 1

“The minute she left he turned to all the men in the room and went, ‘Man, I’d love to have her sit on my face.‘”

anonymous, to Politico
Photo of Cristina Garcia
Cristina Garcia
California state Assembly member (D)
Publicly reported February 8, 2018

Multiple men have reported that she groped them or made unwanted advances.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“She looked at me for a second and said, ‘I’ve set a goal for myself to fuck you.’”

anonymous, to Politico
Photo of Burns Strider
Burns Strider
Former adviser, Hillary Clinton presidential campaign (2008); former leader, Correct the Record
Publicly reported January 26, 2018

A woman reported that he sexually harassed her while they worked on the Clinton campaign, and multiple former colleagues say he was fired from Correct the Record after sexual harassment allegations there.

Sources/more info: 1

“She told a campaign official that Mr. Strider had rubbed her shoulders inappropriately, kissed her on the forehead and sent her a string of suggestive emails”

Maggie Haberman and Amy Chozick, New York Times
Photo of Patrick Meehan
Patrick Meehan
US representative (R-PA)
Publicly reported January 20, 2018

A former aide reported that he made unwanted advances toward her. He has been removed from the House Ethics Committee and will not seek reelection.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Mr. Meehan professed his romantic desires for her — first in person, and then in a handwritten letter — and he grew hostile when she did not reciprocate, the people familiar with her time in the office said.”

Katie Rogers and Kenneth P. Vogel, New York Times
Anonymous silhouette
Jeffrey Klein
New York state senator (D-Bronx)
Publicly reported January 10, 2018

A woman says he forcibly kissed her. The New York state Democratic Party has called for an investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“All of a sudden there was a hand on the back of my head and he shoved his tongue down my throat.”

Erica Vladimer, former New York state Senate staffer
Photo of Eric Greitens
Eric Greitens
Governor, Missouri (R)
Publicly reported January 10, 2018

According to an investigative report, he coerced a woman into oral sex, claimed to have taken a compromising photo of her, and threatened to release it if she told anyone. He has been charged with invasion of privacy.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He stepped back, I saw a flash through the blindfold and he said: ‘you’re never going to mention my name, otherwise there will be pictures of me everywhere.’”

anonymous, on a tape obtained by KMOV
Photo of Corey Lewandowski
Corey Lewandowski
Political commentator; former campaign manager for Donald Trump
Publicly reported December 22, 2017

A woman has filed a sexual assault complaint against him, saying he slapped her twice on the buttocks.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It was completely demeaning and shocking.”

Joy Villa, singer
Anonymous silhouette
Andrea Ramsey
Former candidate for the US House of Representatives (D-KS)
Publicly reported December 15, 2017

A man has reported that she sexually harassed him and retaliated when he rejected her advances. She has dropped out of her congressional race.

Sources/more info: 1

“After I rejected her, she told me she now was hearing bad things about my performance and on June 13, 2005, terminated my employment.”

Gary Funkhouser, former employee, LabOne
Photo of Bobby Scott
Bobby Scott
US representative (D-VA)
Publicly reported December 15, 2017

A woman reports that he sexually harassed her.

Sources/more info: 1

“I was propositioned to have a sexual relationship with my boss that I did not want […] I was retaliated against, I was wrongfully terminated and I was blackballed.”

M. Reese Everson, author and attorney
Photo of Ed Murray
Ed Murray
Secretary of state, Wyoming (R)
Publicly reported December 14, 2017

A woman says that he sexually assaulted her.

Sources/more info: 1

“I was disgusted and horrified.”

Tatiana Maxwell, real estate developer
Photo of Dan Johnson
Dan Johnson
Former state representative (R-KY)
Publicly reported December 12, 2017

A woman reported that he sexually assaulted her when she was 17. He killed himself shortly after the allegations were published.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“What you did was beyond mean, it was evil.”

Maranda Richmond, in a message to Johnson
Photo of Alex Kozinski
Alex Kozinski
Retired judge, US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
Publicly reported December 9, 2017

Multiple former employees have said he showed them pornography, touched them inappropriately, or made inappropriate sexual comments to them. He has retired.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It wasn’t just clear that he was imagining me naked, he was trying to invite other people — my professional colleagues — to do so as well.”

Emily Murphy, former clerk
Photo of Trent Franks 
Trent Franks
Former US representative (R-AZ)
Publicly reported December 7, 2017

House sources said that he approached two female staffers about acting as a gestational surrogate for his wife and him. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I was asked a few times to look over a ‘contract’ to carry his child, and if I would conceive his child, I would be given $5 million.”

anonymous, to AP
Photo of Borris Miles
Borris Miles
State representative (D-TX)
Publicly reported December 6, 2017

Multiple people have said that he subjected women to unwanted advances, sexual comments, or forcible kissing.

Sources/more info: 1

“I just remember thinking, ‘I need to go, and I need to not be here anymore.’”

anonymous, to the Daily Beast
Photo of Carlos Uresti
Carlos Uresti
State representative (D-TX)
Publicly reported December 6, 2017

Two women have reported that he sexually harassed them.

Sources/more info: 1

“He put his hands on me, he ogled me. I would not get in an elevator with him.”

anonymous, to the Daily Beast
Photo of Matt Dababneh
Matt Dababneh
Former California state Assembly member (D)
Publicly reported December 4, 2017

A woman has reported that he exposed himself to her and masturbated in front of her, and another has said he harassed her. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“During the time he blocked me in that room, my instincts were focused on escaping without physical contact and in a way that would not cause a scene.”

Pamela Lopez, lobbyist
Photo of Rubén Kihuen
Rubén Kihuen
US representative (D-NV); former Nevada state senator
Publicly reported December 1, 2017

Two women have reported that he sexually harassed them.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“You don’t really know what to say when a senator tells you, like, ‘Nice ass.’”

anonymous, to the Nevada Independent
Photo of Blake Farenthold
Blake Farenthold
US representative (R-TX)
Publicly reported November 30, 2017

A former staffer sued him, alleging gender discrimination, sexual harassment, and creating a hostile work environment. He used taxpayer money to settle the claim. He will not seek reelection.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“It’s definitely turned my life upside down.”

Lauren Greene, former communications director for Farenthold
Photo of John Conyers
John Conyers
Former US representative (D-MI)
Publicly reported November 20, 2017

Multiple former employees have said he sexually harassed female staffers. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I was basically blackballed. There was nowhere I could go."

anonymous, to BuzzFeed
Photo of Wesley Goodman
Wesley Goodman
Former state representative (R-OH)
Publicly reported November 17, 2017

A man reported that Goodman groped him, and multiple men said he sent them unwanted or inappropriate sexual or suggestive messages. He quit after it was revealed that he had a consensual sexual encounter with a man in his office.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He also asked how much ‘p******y’ I was getting and wondering what I was doing on Friday and Saturday nights.”

anonymous, to IJR
Photo of Al Franken
Al Franken
US senator (D-MN)
Publicly reported November 16, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he groped or otherwise harassed them. He has announced that he will resign from Congress.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I was stunned and incredulous. I felt demeaned. I felt put in my place.”

anonymous former elected official in New England, to Jezebel
Photo of Jeff Kruse
Jeff Kruse
Oregon state senator (R-Roseburg)
Publicly reported November 15, 2017

Two women have reported that he sexually harassed or inappropriately touched them. He has been relieved of committee assignments and is under investigation.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“What made all of this worse is that not only was I continuing to experience this behavior, […] but I was witnessing this happen to other women.”

Sara Gelser, Oregon state senator (D-Corvallis)
Photo of Calvin Smyre
Calvin Smyre
Georgia state representative (D-Columbus)
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

A woman reported that he sexually assaulted her.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“How many stories of assault and harassment have never been told because of political connections?”

Jehmu Greene, political commentator
Anonymous silhouette
Steve Lebsock
Former state representative, Colorado (D-Thornton)
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed them. The Colorado House of Representatives has voted to expel him.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“On Monday, for the first time in nearly two years, I’m going to come to a building where I’m not going to be worried about retaliation from someone I stood up to.”

Faith Winter, Colorado state representative
Photo of Roy Moore 
Roy Moore
Former judge; 2017 Senate candidate
Publicly reported November 9, 2017

Multiple women have said he sexually abused or assaulted them, or pursued them sexually or romantically when they were teenagers.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I felt like I had done something bad. And it kind of set the course for me doing other things that were bad.”

Leigh Corfman, customer service representative
Anonymous silhouette
Dwayne Duron Marshall
Former chief of staff to US Rep. Brenda Lawrence (D-MI)
Publicly reported November 7, 2017

Multiple women have said he made inappropriate comments or engaged in unwanted touching in the workplace. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“She’s complicit because she knows. […] She knows he makes comments. She knows he rubs the back and rubs the shoulders.”

anonymous, about Rep. Lawrence, to Politico
Photo of Tony Mendoza
Tony Mendoza
California state senator (D-Artesia)
Publicly reported November 7, 2017

Multiple people have said that he behaved inappropriately with a female legislative fellow and other staffers. He is under investigation and has been stripped of his leadership positions.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“She said she feared for her job if she refused the invitations.”

Patrick McGreevy, Los Angeles Times
Photo of Raul Bocanegra
Raul Bocanegra
Former California state Assembly member (D)
Publicly reported October 27, 2017

Multiple women have reported that he groped them or made unwanted advances. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He grabbed me with one hand, grabbed my head and shoved his tongue into my mouth.”

Sylvia Castillo, former student mentorship program coordinator
Photo of George H.W. Bush
George H.W. Bush
Former president
Publicly reported October 25, 2017

Multiple women have said he groped them during photo ops.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“At the very moment when I was feeling honored to be recognized for my work and to raise money for this important organization that I believe in, President Bush made clear to me that because I am a woman, I can be objectified, sexualized, reduced to a body part.”

Christina Baker Kline, novelist
Photo of Donald Trump 
Donald Trump
President of the United States
Publicly reported October 15, 2017

A woman has filed a defamation suit after Trump accused her of lying about her experiences with him. As part of the suit, her lawyers subpoenaed all Trump campaign documents relating to “any woman alleging that Donald J. Trump touched her inappropriately.” Prior to this suit, more than a dozen women have accused him of sexual assault or other sexual misconduct.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He was like an octopus. […] His hands were everywhere.”

Jessica Leeds, businesswoman
                                             
Back to INDUSTRIES
1 / 40
Photo of Cody Wilson
Cody Wilson
3-D printed gun activist
Publicly reported September 19, 2018

He has been charged with sexual assault of a minor in connection with allegations that he paid an underage girl for sex after meeting her on the website SugarDaddyMeet.

Sources/more info: 1

“Victim stated while she was inside room 718, she and Wilson engaged in sexual intercourse and oral sex on the hotel room’s bed.”

Affidavit for arrest warrant for Cody Wilson
Photo of Ron Carlson
Ron Carlson
Author; former professor, Department of English, UC Irvine; former teacher, Hotchkiss School
Publicly reported August 28, 2018

He has been accused of sexual misconduct, including kissing and touching, with a female high school student at Hotchkiss in the mid-1970s. He has resigned from UC Irvine.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Carlson often kissed and fondled Student 17 when they were alone.”

report to the Board of Trustees of the Hotchkiss School
Anonymous silhouette
Avital Ronell
Professor, NYU Department of German and Comparative Literature
Publicly reported August 13, 2018

A former student has said she sexually harassed and assaulted him. A university investigation found Ronell responsible for sexual harassment, and she has been suspended for the academic year.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“She was kissing me, kissing my hands, kissing my torso.”

Nimrod Reitman, visiting fellow, Harvard
Photo of Francisco Ayala
Francisco Ayala
Former professor, Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology, UC Irvine
Publicly reported June 29, 2018

Multiple women have said he sexually harassed them. He has resigned from UC Irvine.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“There were conversations people had, like stay away from him, don’t be alone with him, don’t be in an elevator with him.”

Micha Star Liberty, attorney for women who filed complaints against Ayala
Anonymous silhouette
Mark Mellor
Former security director, National Abortion Federation
Publicly reported June 14, 2018

Multiple people have said he sexually harassed them. He was suspended, then left the National Abortion Federation.

Sources/more info: 1

“I felt extremely uncomfortable and like he was trying to pressure me to be alone with him."

Katherine O’Connell, former employee, National Abortion Federation
Photo of Roland G. Fryer, Jr.
Roland G. Fryer, Jr.
Professor, Harvard University Department of Economics
Publicly reported May 22, 2018

A woman has said he sexually harassed her. He is under investigation and has been barred from his research lab.

Sources/more info: 1

“[Fryer] frequently discussed sex in the workplace, made sexually inappropriate comments to and about employees and others, and objectified and sexualized women, including his staff.”

Monica R. Shah and Naomi R. Shatz, lawyers for a woman alleging sexual harassment by Fryer
Anonymous silhouette
George Tyndall
Former gynecologist, USC student health clinic
Publicly reported May 16, 2018

More than 200 women have sued USC, saying he sexually abused or harassed them when they were his patients. He has retired and is under investigation by the California Medical Board.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I want to make sure this never happens again, ever.”

Brennan Heil, USC student
Anonymous silhouette
William Jacoby
Political science professor, Michigan State University; editor, American Journal of Political Science
Publicly reported April 17, 2018

Two former students have reported that Jacoby sexually harassed them. The allegations are the subject of multiple investigations, and Jacoby has announced he will step down from the American Journal of Political Science.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He asked if I would consider having an affair with him, suggesting that it would be good for my career to work with him.”

Rebecca Gill, political science professor
Photo of William Strampel
William Strampel
Former dean, Michigan State University College of Osteopathic Medicine
Publicly reported March 27, 2018

Strampel has been charged with sexually assaulting and harassing four female patients, as well as mishandling a sexual assault complaint against gymnastics coach Larry Nassar.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I remember thinking, ‘this is really inappropriate, but this is the dean of my medical school, so what do I say.‘”

Nicole Eastman, Michigan State University College of Osteopathic Medicine graduate
Anonymous silhouette
Keith Raniere
Co-founder, Nxivm
Publicly reported March 27, 2018

He has been charged with sex trafficking after accusations that he treated female followers as “slaves” and coerced them into sex and skin branding.

Sources/more info: 1

“During the branding ceremonies, slaves were required to be fully naked, and the master would order one slave to film while the other held down the slave being branded.”

criminal complaint against Keith Raniere
Photo of Bill Hybels
Bill Hybels
Founder and former senior pastor, Willow Creek Community Church
Publicly reported March 23, 2018

Multiple women have said Hybels made inappropriate comments or engaged in unwanted touching or hugs that made them uncomfortable. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“For the sake of the other women and for the sake of the church, I cannot stay silent.”

Vonda Dyer, former leader, Willow Creek vocal ministry
Anonymous silhouette
Robert Reece
Sociology professor, University of Texas Austin
Publicly reported March 20, 2018

A woman has said that Reece raped her, and others have reported that he abused them or made inappropriate advances.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I felt so helpless, so vulnerable, I just wanted him to leave.”

Jazmine Walker, activist and podcast host
Photo of Mike Isabella
Mike Isabella
Chef, Mike Isabella Concepts
Publicly reported March 19, 2018

Two women have said Isabella subjected them to sexual comments, sexist slurs, or unwanted kissing. A PR firm and the Washington Nationals have cut ties with his company.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“I tried to walk away, and he followed me into the kitchen, calling me a ‘bitch.’”

Chloe Caras, former manager, Mike Isabella Concepts
Anonymous silhouette
Jorge Domínguez
Former professor of government, Harvard University
Publicly reported February 27, 2018

More than a dozen women have reported that he subjected them to unwanted touching or other inappropriate behavior, in cases spanning decades. He has announced his retirement from Harvard after being placed on administrative leave.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I became physically afraid of him.”

Terry Karl, professor
Photo of Lawrence Krauss
Lawrence Krauss
Physics professor, Arizona State University; prominent skeptic
Publicly reported February 22, 2018

Multiple people have reported that he groped women, made sexist jokes, or engaged in other inappropriate behavior. Several organizations have canceled upcoming appearances by him.

Sources/more info: 1

“He put his hand on again. I crossed my legs. He put his hand on again.”

A., to BuzzFeed News
Anonymous silhouette
Michael Feinberg
Co-founder, KIPP schools
Publicly reported February 22, 2018

A student has reported that he sexually abused her when she was a minor, and an investigation found evidence that he sexually harassed female employees. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“We believe that Mr. Feinberg’s actions were incompatible with the leadership qualities that are central to our mission.”

KIPP, in a letter sent to school community
Anonymous silhouette
Earl K. Sneed
Former beat writer, Mavs.com
Publicly reported February 20, 2018

A former Dallas Mavericks co-worker reported that when they dated, he hit her. He also pleaded guilty to a previous family violence assault charge. He has been fired.

Sources/more info: 1

“She decided the Mavericks were an unsafe work environment for her and quit her job.”

Jon Wertheim and Jessica Luther, Sports Illustrated
Anonymous silhouette
Sean Hutchison
Former Olympic swimming coach
Publicly reported February 8, 2018

A woman has reported that he sexually abused her when she was underage.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I never thought I would share my story because, in so many ways, just surviving was enough.”

Ariana Kukors, Olympic swimmer
Anonymous silhouette
Alec Klein
Professor, Medill School of Journalism, Northwestern University
Publicly reported February 7, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he subjected them to unwanted touching or advances, or other inappropriate behavior. He has taken a leave of absence.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Some of us have had to seek counseling and therapy in the aftermath of his behavior. This has to stop.”

ten of Klein's former students, in a letter to Northwestern officials
Photo of Paul Shapiro
Paul Shapiro
Former vice president of farm animal protection, Humane Society of the United States
Publicly reported January 30, 2018

Multiple former co-workers say he asked them to have sex or made inappropriate comments. He was reassigned to a new job with the Humane Society and has since left.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“You believe these guys are the heroes. You believe they’re going to be compassionate because they’re speaking up for animals and you trust them.”

Alexandra Bury, Humane Society employee
Photo of Wayne Pacelle
Wayne Pacelle
Former CEO, Humane Society of the United States
Publicly reported January 30, 2018

Multiple women have reported that he sexually harassed them. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“To have at our helm an individual that has abused his power is a tragedy.”

Reasa Haggard Currier, director of faith outreach, Humane Society
Anonymous silhouette
John Kenneally
Former vice president, Monster Energy
Publicly reported January 23, 2018

Multiple women have said he made inappropriate or abusive comments. He has resigned.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I blamed myself. There was so much shame.”

Page Zeringue, former regional manager, Monster Energy
Anonymous silhouette
Mohamed Muqtar
Assistant athletic director for student services, University of California Berkeley
Publicly reported January 17, 2018

A former student-athlete has said he sexually assaulted her, and another has said he behaved inappropriately. He is on administrative leave from the university.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I want the shame to not be my own anymore. I want the shame to fall on him”

Layshia Clarendon, WNBA player
Photo of Jeremy Tooker
Jeremy Tooker
Founder, Four Barrel Coffee
Publicly reported January 5, 2018

Multiple former employees have said he sexually assaulted and harassed women and created a toxic workplace culture. He has left Four Barrel Coffee.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“Jeremy’s behavior has been an open secret for years."

Umeko Motoyoshi, former Four Barrel Coffee employee
Photo of Andy Savage
Andy Savage
Pastor, Highpoint Church
Publicly reported January 5, 2018

A woman has reported that he sexually assaulted her when she was 17. He has resigned from his church and his upcoming book release has been canceled.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“The fear, shame, anger and hurt consumed me.”

Jules Woodson
Anonymous silhouette
Charlie Hallowell
Chef and owner, Pizzaiolo, Boot & Shoe Service, and Penrose
Publicly reported December 27, 2017

More than a dozen former employees have reported that he engaged in sexual harassment and verbal abuse. He has stepped away from daily business at his restaurants.

Sources/more info: 1

“It was just this constant need to talk about sex or anything sexual."

Jessica Moncada, former Boot & Shoe bartender
Photo of Brad Kern
Brad Kern
Former showrunner, NCIS: New Orleans
Publicly reported December 14, 2017

Multiple people have said he sexually harassed women or made offensive comments in the workplace. He has been fired from the TV show.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He would brag about his bad behavior. It got worse and worse, and the network stood by him every step of the way.”

anonymous former NCIS writer, to Variety
Photo of Ken Friedman
Ken Friedman
Restaurateur
Publicly reported December 12, 2017

Multiple women have said he made unwanted sexual advances toward them. He is taking a leave of absence from his restaurants.

Sources/more info: 1

“When he wasn’t coming on to us, he was screaming at us.”

Natalie Saibel, former Spotted Pig server
Photo of Mario Batali
Mario Batali
Chef; TV host
Publicly reported December 11, 2017

Multiple women have said he groped them or touched them inappropriately. He is stepping away from his businesses.

Sources/more info: 1

“This wasn’t just some dirty jokes, this was mean, this was about asserting power.”

anonymous, to Eater
Photo of Larry Nassar 
Larry Nassar
Former team physician, USA Gymnastics
Publicly reported November 10, 2017

More than 100 women and girls have reported that he sexually assaulted or abused them. He has been sentenced to 40-175 years in prison, in addition to a previous 60-year sentence for child pornography.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“I thought I was going to die that night.”

McKayla Maroney, retired Olympic gymnast
Photo of André Balazs
André Balazs
President and CEO, André Balazs Properties
Publicly reported November 9, 2017

Multiple women have said he groped them.

Sources/more info: 1

“I was humiliated.”

anonymous
Anonymous silhouette
Todd Heatherton
Professor, Dartmouth College Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences
Publicly reported October 31, 2017

A woman says that he groped her, and more than a dozen people report that he created a hostile environment “in which sexual harassment is normalized.” He has been placed on leave, and law enforcement is investigating.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5

“Heatherton touched the breasts of his current student [redacted] while stating that she was not doing very well in her work.”

Jennifer Groh, professor, in a letter to Dartmouth College
Anonymous silhouette
William Kelley
Professor, Dartmouth College Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences
Publicly reported October 31, 2017

More than a dozen people report that he created a hostile environment “in which sexual harassment is normalized.” He has been placed on leave, and law enforcement is investigating.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“People turned down other professional opportunities in order to be here, and upon finding out the extent to which these inappropriate behaviors influenced their professional careers, very much wanted to switch.”

anonymous, to Dartmouth
Anonymous silhouette
Paul Whalen
Professor, Dartmouth College Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences
Publicly reported October 31, 2017

More than a dozen people report that he created a hostile environment “in which sexual harassment is normalized.” He has been placed on leave and law enforcement is investigating.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“What’s [not] normal is the amount of drinking, the number of times they did it and how it affected their relationships with the other students.”

anonymous, to the Dartmouth
Anonymous silhouette
Erick Guerrero
Professor, Suzanne Dworak-Peck School of Social Work, USC
Publicly reported October 25, 2017

Two students reported that he made unwanted advances or behaved inappropriately toward them. He has received a suspension and will be temporarily barred from teaching doctoral students.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“He was the person who was in charge of basically everything I was doing at that moment professionally.”

Karissa Fenwick, doctoral student
Photo of John Besh
John Besh
Restaurateur
Publicly reported October 21, 2017

A woman has reported unwanted sexual contact by him, and others have reported unwanted advances or inappropriate comments by him. He has stepped down from Besh Restaurant Group.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3

“He took one of the hors d’oeuvres and shoved it in my mouth in front of everyone.”

Dominique Ranieri, server
Anonymous silhouette
David Marchant
Professor, Boston University Department of Earth & Environment
Publicly reported October 6, 2017

Multiple women say he sexually harassed or made inappropriate comments to them. After an investigation, BU’s provost recommended that he be terminated; Marchant is appealing.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“His taunts, degrading comments about my body, brain, and general inadequacies never ended.”

Hillary Tulley, high school teacher
Anonymous silhouette
T. Florian Jaeger
Professor, University of Rochester Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences
Publicly reported September 8, 2017

Multiple people reported that he sexually harassed or created a hostile environment for graduate students. He is on leave, and an independent investigation has been launched.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4

“He made near-constant derogatory comments about the appearances and bodies of my classmates, some of whom he had been in or would be in a sexual relationship with.”

Celeste Kidd, professor
Photo of Cristiano Ronaldo
Cristiano Ronaldo
Soccer player
Publicly reported April 19, 2017

A woman has said that he raped her. She is suing, and authorities are investigating.

Sources/more info: 1 2

“I pushed him away and kept saying ‘No.’”

Kathryn Mayorga, model
Photo of Neil deGrasse Tyson
Neil deGrasse Tyson
Astrophysicist; host, StarTalk and Cosmos: Possible Worlds
Publicly reported October 8, 2014

One woman has said he raped her, and two others say he subjected them to unwanted touching or advances. StarTalk has been put on hiatus pending a Fox Networks Group investigation into the allegations.

Sources/more info: 1 2 3 4 5 6

“When he saw that I had woken up, he got on top of me.”

Tchiya Amet, musician and sound healer
                                       
WRITING: Anna North, Constance Grady, Laura McGann, Aja Romano
EDITING: Michelle Garcia, Susannah Locke, Eleanor Barkhorn
DESIGN: Amanda Northrop, Christina Animashaun
DEVELOPMENT: Ryan Mark, Kavya Sukumar
COPY EDITING: Tanya Pai
VISUAL LEAD: Kainaz Amaria
Images: AP, Getty Images, Vjeran Pavic, Wikicommons

Terms of Use • Privacy Policy • © Vox Media, Inc. All rights reserved 


SHARE THIS —



Search NBC News

SECTIONS
U.S. NEWS
POLITICS
WORLD
LOCAL
BUSINESS
HEALTH
INVESTIGATIONS
CULTURE MATTERS
SCIENCE
SPORTS
TECH & MEDIA
TRUMP EFFECT
IN FOCUS
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION
PHOTOS
WEATHER
TV
TODAY
MSNBC
NIGHTLY NEWS
MEET THE PRESS
DATELINE
FEATURED
NBC NEWS NOW
THINK
MACH
BETTER
NIGHTLY FILMS
NBC LEFT FIELD
ASIAN AMERICA
NBC LATINO
NBCBLK
NBC OUT
STAY TUNED
SPECIAL FEATURES
MORE FROM NBC
CNBC
NBC.COM
NBC LEARN
PEACOCK PRODUCTIONS
NEXT STEPS FOR VETS
PARENT TOOLKIT
NBC ARCHIVES
KNOW YOUR VALUE
FOLLOW NBC NEWS
Facebook
Twitter
Email
SMS
Print
Whatsapp
Reddit
Pocket
Flipboard
Pinterest
Linkedin
U.S. NEWS
A growing list of men accused of sexual misconduct since Weinstein
Lorin Stein, Nelly and Roman Polanski are among the latest public figures to be accused of sexual misconduct.
Image: Harvey Weinstein in 2013
Harvey Weinstein arrives for a screening at the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, France on May 24, 2013.Anne-Christine Poujoulat / AFP - Getty Images file
Nov. 8, 2017, 1:50 PM PST / Updated Jan. 10, 2018, 1:34 PM PST / Source: Associated Press
By Dan Corey
In early October, allegations surfaced that movie mogul Harvey Weinstein had sexually harassed or assaulted multiple women over decades.

The public condemnation of Weinstein has emboldened others to come forward with claims of sexual misconduct against celebrities — with studios, networks and major companies responding — in what some have dubbed the “Weinstein ripple effect.”

Related
STORYLINE
Politicians accused of misconduct
Here’s a list of high-profile men who have been accused of sexual harassment, assault or both in the wake of the Weinstein scandal:

James Rosen
Number of accusers: At least three

On Dec. 22, James Rosen quietly left his position as Fox News' chief Washington correspondent without giving any advance notice to colleagues, NPR reported.

At least three allegations of sexual harassment against Rosen have since surfaced, which may have led to his resignation.

One Fox News reporter told four colleagues that Rosen had groped her breast in a cab the winter after 9/11. The colleagues said she relayed the episode as a warning about Rosen.

Years later, a producer wu0said that Rosen sexually harassed her, but that Fox offered her a deal that would enable her to extend her stay in the United States if she kept quiet about the allegations.

In the spring of last year, a young female reporter told two colleagues that Rosen tried to forcibly kiss her twice in an elevator ride back to the office after lunch. Then he allegedly asked the reporter to keep her from making his approaches public and offered his help in getting more air time on Special Report, Bret Baier's nightly political newscast.

James Franco
Number of accusers: Unclear

James Franco speaks at the National Board of Review Annual Awards Gala on Jan. 9, 2018.Dimitrios Kambouris / Getty Images
Almost immediately after James Franco, 39, won a Golden Globe on Jan. 7, "The Breakfast Club" actress Ally Sheedy tweeted: "James Franco just won. Please never ever ask me why I left the film/tv business." (Franco directed Sheedy in a 2014 off-Broadway play.)

It was not exactly clear what Sheedy meant in her posts, but they quickly revived rumors of alleged sexual misconduct and inappropriate behavior. Sarah Tither-Kaplan, a filmmaker and actress, claimed in a tweet that Franco told her the "full nudity" he purportedly asked her to do for two of his movies was not exploitative because she had signed a contract. Violet Paley, another actress, claimed in a tweet that Franco once pushed her head toward his "exposed penis."

Franco denied accusations of sexual impropriety during a Jan. 9 appearance on "The Late Show" on CBS. "The things that I heard that were on Twitter are not accurate, but I completely support people coming out and being able to have a voice," Franco told host Stephen Colbert.

Paul Haggis
Number of accusers: At least four

Paul Haggis arrives at the Vanity Fair Oscars party in 2014.Danny Moloshok / Reuters file
Paul Haggis, 64, the Oscar-winning filmmaker who wrote "Million Dollar Baby" and directed "Crash," has been accused of sexual misconduct by at least five women. In a civil lawsuit, a publicist accuses Haggis of rape. That lawsuit inspired three other women to come forward with their own sexual misconduct accusations, including another publicist who claims he forced her to perform oral sex and then raped her.

Christine Lepera, an attorney for Haggis, said in a statement to The Associated Press: "He didn't rape anybody."

Ben Vereen
Number of accusers: At least two

Ben Vereen attends the 2017 Tony Awards.Mike Coppola / Getty Images for Tony Awards Pro
Broadway legend Ben Vereen, 71, has been accused of inappropriate sexual misconduct with cast members in a 2015 community theater production of the classic musical "Hair." The allegations, first reported by the blog OnStage and the New York Daily News, were leveled by two young actresses who starred in the show.

In a statement, Vereen apologized to the women for his "inappropriate conduct," adding: "While it was my intention to create an environment that replicated the themes of that musical during the rehearsal process, I have since come to understand that it is my conduct, not my intentions, which are relevant here."

Peter Martins
Number of accusers: At least five

Peter Martins in 2013.Evan Agostini / Invision/AP
Peter Martins, 71, the influential head of the New York City Ballet, has been accused by five dancers of verbal and physical abuse dating back to 1993, The New York Times reported. And in recent interviews with The Times, 24 women and men described what the newspaper called a "culture of intimidation" under Martins, a luminary on the New York artistic scene.

"I have denied, and continue to deny, that I have engaged in any such misconduct," Martins wrote in a letter informing the ballet board of his retirement, according to The Times. "I cooperated fulling in the [company's] investigation and understand it will be completed shortly. I believe its findings would have vindicated me."

Charles Dutoit
Number of accusers: Four

Charles Dutoit performs with the Philadelphia Orchestra in 2011.Alex Brandon / AP file
Charles Dutoit, 81, the world-renowned artistic director and principal conductor of London's Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, allegedly sexually assaulted four women between 1985 and 2010, The Associated Press reported. The women — three opera singers and a classical musician — said the incidents happened in a car, Dutoit's hotel suite, his dressing room, an elevator, and backstage before a performance.

The women allege that Dutoit did everything from groping their breasts to restraining them and thrusting himself upon them.

NBC News was not able to independently confirm the women's allegations, and could not reach Dutoit. Dutoit also did not respond to multiple requests for comment from the AP.

Morgan Spurlock
Director Morgan Spurlock speaks on stage during at the 14th annual Dubai International Film Festival on Dec. 11, 2017.Vittorio Zunino Celotto / Getty Images
Director Morgan Spurlock admitted on Dec. 13 to a history of sexual misconduct that reaches back to his college days.

Declaring "I am part of the problem," the 47-year-old filmmaker — who won acclaim for his 2004 documentary "Super Size Me" — wrote in a blog post that he was accused of rape in college, settled a sexual harassment lawsuit and has cheated on all of his romantic partners, including both of his wives.

The post was shared from Spurlock's verified Twitter account. He said coming clean is necessary, in part, because of the anxiety he faced: "As I sit around watching hero after hero, man after man, fall at the realization of their past indiscretions, I don't sit by and wonder 'who will be next?' I wonder, 'when will they come for me?'"

Marcelo Gomes
Number of accusers: Unclear

Marcelo Gomes, one of the most distinguished ballet dancers, resigned in December from the American Ballet Theater following accusations of sexual misconduct.

Gomes, 38, resigned when the American Ballet Theater began to probe into sexual harassment allegations against him. Andrew F. Barth, the chairman of the company’s board of trustees, told the New York Times in an emailed statement that the alleged incident was not related to his employment at the American Ballet Theater.

Lisa Linden, spokeswoman for the Brazilian native, said in an emailed statement to the Times, “This is a time of reflection for Marcelo. He is gratified and strengthened by the support he has received from family, friends and colleagues. We have no further comment at this time.”

Tavis Smiley
Number of accusers: Multiple

Tavis Smiley officiates Courting Justice: Little Rock, Arkansas at Central Arkansas Library Ron Robinson Theatre on Sept. 23, 2016.Earl Gibson III / Getty Images file
PBS announced on Dec. 13 that it was suspending distribution of the late-night talk show "Tavis Smiley" following "troubling allegations" of misconduct against the longtime public television and radio host.

The outside investigation found that Smiley had engaged in sexual relationships with "multiple subordinates," according to Variety, which first reported the news. They said witnesses had told the investigators that Smiley was a verbally abusive and threatening boss and made some employees feel their success was tied to a sexual relationship with him, Variety reported. NBC News has not independently verified those accounts.

Smiley denied the allegations in a video and statement posted to Facebook: "I have never groped, inappropriately exposed myself, or coerced any colleague in the workplace, ever, in my 30-year career," Smiley said in the video.

NFL Network Analysts Marshall Faulk, Ike Taylor and Heath Evans
Number of accusers: At least one

From left, NFL Network's Heath Evans, Ike Taylor and Marshall Faulk.Getty Images; AP
The NFL Network suspended Pro Football Hall of Famer Marshall Faulk and NFL players-turned-analysts Ike Taylor and Heath Evans on Dec. 11 after a female colleague accused them of sexual harassment.

Faulk, Taylor and Evans, along with former executive producer Eric Weinberger and former network analysts Donovan McNabb, Warren Sapp and Eric Davis, were named in an updated lawsuit against NFL Enterprises by Jami Cantor, a former wardrobe stylist for the network.

None of the seven is named as a respondent in the lawsuit, which was originally filed in October in California Superior Court Los Angeles County Superior Court. The original complaint alleged inappropriate actions by 50 people whom it identified only as John Does 1-50.

The amended complaint accuses Faulk and Evans of having groped Cantor while she was at the network, while it accuses Taylor and McNabb of having sent her sexually inappropriate communications.

The communications from Taylor allegedly included video of him masturbating, while the alleged communications from McNabb, who now works for BeIN Sports and ESPN Radio, were text only, according to the complaint.

Alex Riethmiller, a spokesman for NFL Network, told NBC News in a statement Monday night: "Marshall Faulk, Ike Taylor, and Heath Evans have been suspended from their duties at NFL Network pending an investigation into these allegations."

Weinberger left NFL Network in 2015 to become president of Bill Simmons Media Group, publisher of the sports website The Ringer. The amended complaint accuses Weinberger of both having touched Cantor inappropriately and having sent her sexually inappropriate communications.

A spokesperson for The Ringer told NBC News: "These are very serious and disturbing allegations that we were made aware of today. We are placing Eric on leave indefinitely until we have a better understanding of what transpired during his time at the NFL, and we will conduct our own internal investigation."

Ryan Lizza
Number of accusers: At least one

Ryan Lizza attends The 2009 New Yorker Festival: The Political Scene at City Winery on October 17, 2009 in New York.Neilson Barnard / Getty Images for The New Yorker file
Ryan Lizza, the Washington correspondent of The New Yorker, was fired on Dec. 11 over claims of improper sexual conduct.

"The New Yorker recently learned that Ryan Lizza engaged in what we believe was improper sexual conduct," the magazine said in a statement. "We have reviewed the matter and, as a result, have severed ties with Lizza. Due to a request for privacy, we are not commenting further."

But Lizza disputed the magazine's decision almost immediately, issuing a statement that described a complaint made by one woman.

"I am dismayed that the New Yorker has decided to characterize a respectful relationship with a woman I was dating as somehow inappropriate," he said. "The New Yorker was unable to cite any company policy that was violated. I am sorry to my friends, workplace colleagues, and loved ones for any embarrassment this episode may cause."

The woman mentioned by Lizza remains anonymous, but her lawyer, Douglas Wigdor, sharply disagreed with Lizza's description of the circumstances.

"In no way did Mr. Lizza’s misconduct constitute a 'respectful relationship,' as he has now tried to characterize it," Wigdor said in a statement. Lizza was also suspended by CNN, where he is an on-air contributor.

Mario Batali
Number of accusers: Four

Celebrity chef Mario Batali speaks during an interview at his restaurant, Del Posto, in New York on April 11, 2006.Brendan McDermid / Reuters file
Four women accused celebrity chef Mario Batali of inappropriate touching over the course of two decades, causing the restaurateur and television show host to step aside from his projects for the time being.

The accusations against Batali were first published in a report by Eater New York on Dec. 11. Three of the accusers were employees of the chef.

All the women recounted instances at different points in Batali's career when they say the chef groped them and made inappropriate comments of a sexual nature.

In a statement, Batali apologized and said the accusations described by the women "match up with the way [he has] acted."

“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family," the statement said in part.

Batali added that he was stepping away from the "day-to-day operations of my businesses," acknowledging his actions disappointed many people and "the failures are mine alone."

A few days later, ABC said they fired him from the cooking show, "The Chew."

Lorin Stein
Number of accusers: Unclear

Former Paris Review Editor Lorin Stein went under investigation in October for numerous sexual harassment allegations from female employees and writers.

The New York Times first reported in December that Stein sent a letter of resignation to the Paris Review Board. In the letter he wrote, “At times in the past, I blurred the personal and the professional in ways that were, I now recognize, disrespectful of my colleagues and our contributors, and that made them feel uncomfortable or demeaned. I am very sorry for any hurt I caused them.”

Before the board, Stein acknowledged that he had both dated and expressed interest in women within the workplace. He also acknowledged in his letter that he understands now that his behavior was an “abuse” of his position, and he realizes that his behavior made his colleagues feel demeaned or uncomfortable.

Nicole Rudick, managing editor of the Paris Review, was named interim editor following his resignation.

James Levine
Number of accusers: Multiple

James Levine, then-Boston Symphony Orchestra music director, conducts the symphony on its opening night performance at Tanglewood in Lenox., Massachusetts on July 7, 2006. Michael Dwyer / AP
New York's Metropolitan Opera suspended its famed longtime conductor James Levine on Dec. 3 while it investigates allegations of sexual misconduct.

The opera's announcement followed a report in the New York Post that Levine was accused in a police report of molesting a young man beginning when the man was 15 years old and that the sexual abuse continued for years.

The New York Times identified two other men who it said alleged that they'd had sexual encounters with Levine beginning in the summer of 1968, when they were teens at a music school in Michigan.

On Dec. 8, Illinois prosecutors investigating sexual abuse allegations dating back to the 1980s said they were unable to press charges based on state law at the time and other factors.

Levine has denied the allegations, saying "as understandably troubling as the accusations noted in recent press accounts are, they are unfounded. As anyone who truly knows me will attest, I have not lived my life as an oppressor or an aggressor."

Garrison Keillor
Number of accusers: At least one

Garrison Keillor, creator and host of "A Prairie Home Companion, in an interview by The Associated Press on July 20, 2015, in St. Paul, Minnesota.Jim Mone / AP file
Garrison Keillor, the former host and creator of "A Prairie Home Companion," was fired by Minnesota Public Radio on Nov. 29 over "allegations of his inappropriate behavior with an individual who worked with him."

Keillor was axed a month after the public radio station received a report about his alleged "conduct" while he was still producing the show that he hosted from 1974 until he retired last year.

"Garrison Keillor has been an important part of the growth and success of MPR, and all of us in the MPR community are saddened by these circumstances," MPR president Jon McTaggart said Wednesday.

MPR has hired an outside lawyer "to conduct an independent investigation of the allegations," the public radio station said in statement.

Keillor released a statement in which he said he was fired over “a story that I think is more interesting and more complicated than the version MPR heard.” But he did not release any details.

"It's some sort of poetic irony to be knocked off the air by a story, having told so many of them myself, but I'm 75 and don't have any interest in arguing about this," he added. "And I cannot in conscience bring danger to a great organization I've worked hard for since 1969."

Keillor said he was "sorry for the people who will lose work on account of this."

Matt Lauer
Number of accusers: Multiple

Matt Lauer on NBC News' 'Today.'NBC NewsWire / Getty Images
Matt Lauer was fired by NBC News following two decades as "Today" anchor after a detailed complaint was lodged against him about inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.

In a memo to employees on Nov. 29, NBC News Chairman Andrew Lack said the complaint, which was made by a female colleague of Lauer's, prompted a serious review and represented a "clear violation of our company's standards."

The alleged incident began at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi and continued after the games, NBC News confirmed. A lawyer for the woman said she did not want to be identified.

Lack said it was the first complaint lodged against Lauer, 59, for his behavior since he took over as anchor of the morning show in 1997, but there was "reason to believe" it may not have been an isolated incident.

Later, Variety and The New York Times reported other cases of women coming forward to allege sexual misconduct against Lauer. Variety said at least three women shared accounts that were corroborated by "dozens of interviews with current and former staffers" during their two-month investigation. The Times said two women also made complaints against Lauer following his firing — actions that were confirmed by NBC officials.

The newspaper reported that one of those women, now a former employee, said Lauer in 2001 locked the door to his office and sexually assaulted her.

Lauer said in a statement that he was "truly sorry" to the people he hurt. While he said some of the allegations were "untrue and mischaracterized," he admitted that "there is enough truth in these stories to make me feel embarrassed and ashamed."

Charlie Rose
Number of accusers: At least 9

Charlie Rose speaks during the 2015 Winter TCA Tour on Jan. 12, 2016 in Pasadena, California.JB Lacroix / WireImage file
Television host and journalist Charlie Rose was fired by CBS News, PBS and Bloomberg after eight women accused him of sexual harassment and unwanted advances in a Nov. 20 report in The Washington Post.

The allegations against Rose, 75, included groping female colleagues and walking around naked in their presence, The Post reported. All eight women, who alleged incidents that occurred from the late 1990s to 2011, were either employees at the “Charlie Rose” show or hoped to work for it.

Three women spoke to The Post on the record and five women chose to remain anonymous. Two women cited in the report, Kyle Godfrey-Ryan and Megan Creydt, confirmed their accounts to NBC News hours after The Post published its report.

“It is essential that these women know I hear them and that I deeply apologize for my inappropriate behavior,” Rose said in a statement to The Post that he later posted on Twitter. “I am greatly embarrassed. I have behaved insensitively at times, and I accept responsibility for that, though I do not believe that all of these allegations are accurate. I always felt that I was pursuing shared feelings, even though I now realize I was mistaken.”

Rose has long hosted his show, which airs on PBS and is filmed at Bloomberg headquarters, and also had been a co-anchor for “CBS This Morning” and a contributing correspondent for “60 Minutes.”

Bloomberg LP said in a statement to NBC News on Monday: "We are deeply disturbed to learn of these allegations and are immediately suspending the show from airing on Bloomberg TV and radio."

"Despite Charlie's important journalistic contribution to our news division, there is absolutely nothing more important, in this or any organization, than ensuring a safe, professional workplace," CBS News President David Rhodes said in a statement, in part, announcing Rose's termination Tuesday. "We need to be such a place."

PBS spokeswoman Jennifer Rankin Byrne said in a statement Tuesday: “In light of yesterday’s revelations, PBS has terminated its relationship with Charlie Rose and cancelled distribution of his programs. PBS expects all the producers we work with to provide a workplace where people feel safe and are treated with dignity and respect.”

Bloomberg TV confirmed it had severed ties with Rose.

Glenn Thrush
Number of accusers: 4

Glenn Thrush, chief White House political correspondent for the The New York Times, works in the briefing room of the White House in Washington on Feb. 24, 2017.Yuri Gripas / Reuters file
Glenn Thrush, one of the most prominent political journalists, was suspended by The New York Times on Nov. 20 after he was reportedly accused of sexual misconduct.

The suspension came after a report was published by news outlet Vox, which detailed an alleged pattern of inappropriate behavior toward women, particularly young female reporters.

Thrush is a MSNBC contributor. A spokesperson for the network said, "We’re awaiting the outcome of the Times’ investigation. He currently has no scheduled appearances.”

Thrush, who is married, apologized in a statement.

“I apologize to any woman who felt uncomfortable in my presence, and for any situation where I behaved inappropriately. Any behavior that makes a woman feel disrespected or uncomfortable is unacceptable,” Thrush said in the statement.

"My recollection of my interactions with Laura differs greatly from hers – the encounter was consensual, brief, and ended by me. She was an editor above me at the time and I did not disparage her to colleagues at POLITICO as she claims. The assertion that I would rate women based on their appearance is also false," Thrush said.

A month after the political reporter was suspended, The New York Times announced it had wrapped up its investigation into the matter.

The paper decided to continue Thrush's suspension until late January and remove him from coverage of the White House, but said they would not fire him.

“We understand that our colleagues and the public at large are grappling with what constitutes sexually offensive behavior in the workplace and what consequences are appropriate,” said Executive Editor Dean Baquet. “Each case has to be evaluated based on individual circumstances. We believe this is an appropriate response to Glenn’s situation.”

On Dec. 20, the Times announced that Thrush would remain suspended until late January and would be removed from the team covering the White House.

Random House, the publishing company pursuing a book about Donald Trump by Thrush and New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman, announced it would move forward with the deal, but only with Haberman.

Russell Simmons
Number of accusers: Multiple

Russell Simmons presents the Vanguard Award at the 46th NAACP Image Awards in Pasadena, California on Feb. 6, 2015.Chris Pizzello / AP file
Russell Simmons, the hip-hop mogul and producer who helped to create the Def Jam brand, said he was stepping down from his various companies following accusations of sexual misconduct.

The initial accusation was reported in The Los Angeles Times on Nov. 19, when model Keri Claussen Khalighi said he made aggressive sexual advances on her in 1991 and coerced her to have oral sex at his apartment and forced himself on her in the shower. Khalighi, then 17, said director Brett Ratner was there as well and declined to do anything when she asked for help.

An attorney for Ratner didn't immediately respond to a request for comment, although he told the newspaper that Ratner has "no recollection" of Khalighi's apparent plea for help. Simmons also provided a statement saying that he did spend a couple of days with her but was "shocked" about her assertions of that time.

A second woman to come forward — a screenwriter named Jenny Lumet — recounted in a Nov. 30 guest column in The Hollywood Reporter how Simmons forced her into a sexual encounter in 1991 when she was 24.

Simmons, 60, said that her recollections of that night are "very different from mine" although "it is now clear to me that her feelings of fear and intimidation are real."

Other women have since come forward, three of whom were identified in a Dec. 13 New York Times report and said that Simmons raped them in separate incidents in either the 1980s or 1990s. Simmons responded in a statement that "all of my relations have been consensual."

The Los Angeles Times also interviewed five more women, including actress Natashia Williams-Blach, who alleged sexual misconduct. The women said he used his personal yoga studio to prey on them, which Simmons also denied.

Jeffrey Tambor
Number of accusers: 2

Jeffrey Tambor arrives at the "Transparent" special screening in Los Angeles in April, 2017.Willy Sanjuan / AP
Jeffrey Tambor, who won critical acclaim for his portrayal of a transgender woman in hit TV series ‘Transparent’, was accused on Nov. 16 of sexually harassing a transgender actor on the show.

Trace Lysette alleges the actor made sexual advances and remarks towards her during the making of the award-winning comedy series and claimed that “one time it got physical.”

The allegation comes days after Tambor was reportedly accused of sexual harassment by his former assistant on the show, Van Barnes, who is also transgender.

Tambor denied the allegations saying he has “never been a predator — ever.”

“I am deeply sorry if any action of mine was ever misinterpreted by anyone as being sexually aggressive or if I ever offended or hurt anyone. But the fact is, for all my flaws, I am not a predator and the idea that someone might see me in that way is more distressing than I can express,” the statement said in part.

Sen. Al Franken
Number of accusers: Multiple

Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn. speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington on Oct. 4, 2011.Carolyn Kaster / AP, file
Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., was accused by a radio news anchor of forcibly kissing and groping her in 2006 when they were overseas as part of a USO show.

Leeann Tweeden, a radio news anchor with KABC in Los Angeles, said Franken insisted on practicing a kiss before going on stage.

"He continued to insist, and I was beginning to get uncomfortable," she wrote in a post on KABC's website.

Tweeden said she reluctantly agreed to rehearse the line leading up to the kiss and that's when Franken, "came at me, put his hand on the back of my head, mashed his lips against mine and aggressively stuck his tongue in my mouth." "I immediately pushed him away with both of my hands against his chest and told him if he ever did that to me again I wouldn't be so nice about it the next time," she said. "I felt disgusted and violated."

Franken said in a statement, "The first thing I want to do is apologize: to Leeann, to everyone else who was part of that tour, to everyone who has worked for me, to everyone I represent, and to everyone who counts on me to be an ally and supporter and champion of women."

Less than a week later, a second woman said Franken grabbed her rear in 2010 at the Minnesota State Fair.

Lindsay Menz, 33, told CNN in an interview that Franken grabbed her buttocks when they posed for a photo together. The accusation was first reported by CNN.

In a statement to CNN, Franken said he felt "badly," but he did not remember posing for the photo with Menz. "I take thousands of photos at the state fair surrounded by hundreds of people, and I certainly don't remember taking this picture," Franken told CNN on Sunday. "I feel badly that Ms. Menz came away from our interaction feeling disrespected."

Franken announced his plans to resign on Dec. 7 while taking a parting shot at President Donald Trump and other Republicans.

"I, of all people, am aware that there is some irony that I am leaving while a man who has bragged on tape about his history of sexual assault sits in the Oval Office, and a man who has preyed on underage girls is running for the Senate with the full support of his party," Franken, D-Minn., said in emotional speech on the Senate floor.

He was referring to Trump, who has also been accused of sexual misconduct, and Roy Moore, the Republican candidate for Senate in Alabama, who faced allegations of sexual misconduct with teenage girls. Trump and Moore have both denied the claims.

Matt Zimmerman
Number of accusers: More than 1

Matt Zimmerman was senior vice president for booking at NBC News and was one of the top bookers of talent and guests for "Today."

“We have recently learned that Matt Zimmerman engaged in inappropriate conduct with more than one woman at NBCU, which violated company policy," the company said in a statement, referring to NBCUniversal, the parent company of NBC. "As a result he has been dismissed.”

Zimmerman could not immediately be reached for comment.

Andrew Kreisberg
Number of accusers: 19

Executive producer Andrew Kreisberg speaks onstage at The Executive Producers' panel discussion during the CW portion of the 2016 Television Critics Association Summer Tour at The Beverly Hilton Hotel on Aug. 11, 2016.Frederick M. Brown / Getty Images
Andrew Kreisberg, the executive producer of the CW shows "Arrow," "Supergirl," "DC's Legends of Tomorrow" and "The Flash," was fired by Warner Bros. TV Group after allegations by 19 people of sexual harassment and inappropriate contact.

Warner Bros. said in a statement on Nov. 29 that the decision came after he was suspended during an internal investigation.

"We remain committed to providing a safe working environment for our employees and everyone involved in our productions," the group said.

Variety first reported that 15 women and four men who have worked with the producer said he engaged in a pattern of sexual harassment and inappropriate physical contact over the years. None of the sources were identified by Variety, which said many of the women are current or former employees and fear retaliation.

Kreisberg, 46, could not immediately be reached by NBC News, but denied the allegations to Variety: "I have made comments on women's appearances and clothes in my capacity as an executive producer, but they were not sexualized. Like many people, I have given someone a non-sexual hug or kiss on the cheek."

Berlanti Productions, which produces Kreisberg's show, said in a statement that it agrees with Warner Bros.'s decision: "Nothing is more important to us than the safety and well-being of all our colleagues — coworkers, crew and staff alike."

Roy Moore
Number of accusers: At least 9

Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate in Alabama Roy Moore speaks at a campaign rally on Sept. 25, 2017 in Fairhope, Alabama.Scott Olson / Getty Images file
At least nine women have accused Roy Moore, the Republican party's Senate nominee in Alabama, of sexual misconduct only weeks prior to the special election.

The story broke on Nov. 9 when The Washington Post reported that Moore allegedly forced a 14-year-old girl into a sexual encounter in 1979 when he was 32.

Leigh Corfman, 53, who came forward with the accusation, told The Post that at the time Moore took off her “shirt and pants and removed his clothes,” touched her “over her bra and underpants” and “guided her hand to touch him over his underwear.”

In that same report, three additional women told The Post that Moore had pursued them while he was in his early 30s and they were between the ages of 16 and 18. None of the three woman said Moore forced them into any sort of relationship or sexual contact.

Since the initial report, more women have come forward to various media outlets that described Moore engaging in sexual misconduct through his career.

In a statement from his campaign, Moore, now 70, heatedly denied the women’s allegations, calling them “a baseless political attack” and “the very definition of fake news and intentional defamation.”

Louis C.K.
Number of accusers: 5

Louis C.K. at Madison Square Garden in 2016.Stephen Lovekin / REX/Shutterstock via AP file
Five women have accused Emmy-winning comedian and actor Louis C.K. of sexual misconduct dating back at least 15 years, The New York Times reported.

In the exposé published in The Times, comedians Dana Min Goodman and Julia Wolov allege Louis CK in 2002 invited them to his hotel room in Colorado, undressed himself, and masturbated in front of them. Abby Schachner, a comedian who says she called Louis C.K. to invite him to one of her performances in 2003, claims she could hear him masturbating during their phone conversation. Rebecca Corry, a writer and actress, alleges Louis C.K. asked if he could masturbate in front of her while they appeared together on a television pilot in 2005.

In a statement a day after the report, Louis C.K. said "these stories are true," adding that he feels remorseful for his actions.

"I have been remorseful of my actions. And I've tried to learn from them. And run from them. Now I’m aware of the extent of the impact of my actions. I learned yesterday the extent to which I left these women who admired me feeling badly about themselves and cautious around other men who would never have put them in that position," he said.

Shortly after the report was published, HBO announced that Louis C.K. would no longer be participating in a comedy fundraising special planned for Nov. 18. HBO also said it would be removing the comedian’s past projects from its On Demand services.

A day after The Times published its report, Louis C.K.’s publicist, Lewis Kay, said on Twitter that he dropped the comedian as a client. Netflix also announced that it would not produce a second planned stand-up special after releasing the first, titled “2017,” earlier this year.

FX Networks and FX Productions later ended its relationship with Louis C.K. once he admitted that the allegations were true. FX said in a statement that he would no longer serve as executive producer or receive compensation for the four shows he was involved with.

Steven Seagal
Number of accusers: 3

American actor Steven Seagal in Moscow.Mikhail Japaridze / TASS via Getty file
At least three actresses have accused Steven Seagal of sexual harassment. Actress Portia de Rossi tweeted that she once auditioned for the former action star in his office, where he "said how important it was to have chemistry off-screen as he sat me down and unzipped his leather pants."

De Rossi said she ran out and told her agent. She didn't say when the alleged incident occurred.

Actress Rae Dawn Chong told The Hollywood Reporter of a similar story. She said the talent agency that represented her from 1989-90 had her meet Seagal inside of his hotel room at night. She said he exposed himself to her and that after she told her agent what happened, it impacted her career. She later left the agency, she said, "because it was like a pimp situation."

Actress Jenny McCarthy also recounted an audition with Seagal in 1995 for the film "Under Siege 2," telling SiriusXM that she was excited to read for the part when he told her to "relax" on a couch. But he then requested that she pull down her dress, she said, which prompted her to run out to her car. But Seagal followed her, she added, and told her not to tell anyone of their encounter.

Other women have claimed Seagal acted inappropriately or strangely with them, but not specifically of sexual misconduct. Julianna Margulies, who co-starred with Seagal in 1991's "Out for Justice," said on SiriusXM that when she was 23, she was told by a casting director to go to Seagal's hotel room at night.

Margulies said that when she got there, she was alone. Seagal "made sure that I saw his gun, which I had never seen a gun in real life," the actress said. "And I got out of there unscathed."

Eva LaRue, of "All My Children" and "CSI: Miami," told Deadline that Seagal locked her in her room, pulled back his kimono and unveiled his underwear. She was 22 and waiting for an audition.

Reps for Seagal did not immediately respond to a request for comment from NBC News. His spokesman previously told the Daily Beast that McCarthy's "claim is completely false."

Ed Westwick
Number of accusers: 2

Ed Westwick arrives at the BAFTA Awards Season Tea Party at the Four Seasons Hotel in Los Angeles on Nov. 7, 2017.Jordan Strauss / AP
Actress Kristina Cohen wrote a Facebook post saying that she and a boyfriend had gone to Ed Westwick's home three years ago.

Cohen said she took a nap in one of the rooms, and that when she woke up, the "Gossip Girl" actor was sexually assaulting her. She said she tried to fight him off, but he was too strong.

"I couldn’t speak, I could no longer move. He held me down and raped me," she wrote.

Westwick responded the following day on social media to deny the allegations: "I do not know this woman. I have never forced myself in any manner, on any woman. I certainly have never committed rape."

The Los Angeles Police Department said Cohen filed a police report, which confirms an investigation but not evidence of a crime. There was no police report filed at the time of the alleged incident, sources said.

Following Cohen's post, former actress Aurélie Wynn shared on Facebook a claim that she was raped by Westwick while taking a nap in July 2014.

On July 27, 2018, the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office released court documents that said it was declining to prosecute Westwick over claims made by three women, citing insufficient evidence. In two of the cases, Witnesses were "not able to provide information that would enable prosecutors to prove either incident beyond a reasonable doubt," the office said, and an investigator was unable to reach the third woman.

An attorney for Westwick said ""the evidence demonstrated from the start that each of the allegations made by the three women would be proven untrue."

Brett Ratner
Number of accusers: 7

Brett Ratner arrives at Wolfgang Puck's in Beverly Hills in 2017.Willy Sanjuan / Invision/AP file
Actresses Olivia Munn, Katharine Towne, Jamie Ray Newman, Natasha Henstridge, Jorina King and model and singer Eri Sasaki all alleged varying accounts of inappropriate behavior from director Brett Ratner, The Los Angeles Times reported.

Munn and Henstridge both told The Times they experienced separate incidents early in their careers in which Ratner masturbated in front of them. Munn said she was delivering food as a favor in 2004 to what she believed was Ratner’s empty trailer, and was frightened to find him inside.

Ratner’s attorney, Martin Singer, staunchly denied each woman’s allegations and claimed Munn’s account was “a complete lie.”

“I have represented Mr. Ratner for two decades, and no woman has ever made a claim against him for sexual misconduct or sexual harassment,” Singer said in a letter to The Times. “Furthermore, no woman has ever requested or received any financial settlement from my client.”

In light of the allegations, Ratner said in a statement that he is choosing to “step away from all Warner Bros.-related activities.”

"I don't want to have any possible negative impact to the studio until these personal issues are resolved," Ratner said in the statement.

More than a week after Ratner released his statement, on Nov. 10, actress Ellen Page accused Ratner of making sexual and homophobic comments to her while she was working with him on the 2006 film "X-Men: The Last Stand." She also alleges that Ratner "outed" her as gay while he was disparaging her.

"I was eighteen years old," Page, who is now 30, wrote in a Facebook post. "He looked at a woman standing next to me, ten years my senior, pointed to me and said: 'You should f--- her to make her realize she's gay."

Dustin Hoffman
Number of accusers: 6

Dustin Hoffman arrives at the Hollywood Foreign Press Association Grants Banquet in Beverly Hills, California on Aug. 2, 2017.Jordan Strauss / Invision/AP file
Anna Graham Hunter was a 17-year-old production assistant for the 1985 film adaptation of "Death of a Salesman" when actor Dustin Hoffman grabbed her and used sexually explicit language with her, she said in a first-person account published Nov. 1 by The Hollywood Reporter.

Playwright Wendy Riss Gatsiounis also said Hoffman sexually harassed her in 1991 and allegedly propositioned her and attempted to persuade her to accompany him to a store in a nearby hotel.

"I have the utmost respect for women and feel terrible that anything I might have done could have put her in an uncomfortable position," Hoffman told The Hollywood Reporter. "I am sorry. It is not reflective of who I am."

Kathryn Rossetter, who co-starred with Hoffman in "Death of a Salesman" on Broadway in 1983, wrote a guest column in The Hollywood Reporter on Dec. 8 that said the actor used to grope her on stage during her performance. Rossetter said in the first-person account that one time he had planned a "surprise" for his friends and invited them backstage to witness him groping her.

According to Rossetter's column, in the beginning of her professional relationship with Hoffman, he would invite her to a hotel room and ask her to give him a back rub. On other occasions, he allegedly summoned her into a dressing room and asked her to give him a foot rub while his dresser stood guard outside.

In photos, he would grab her breast for a split second before the camera snapped a picture, Rossetter added. The Hollywood Reporter published one photo provided by her appearing to show that.

Representatives for Hoffman declined to comment to The Hollywood Reporter. According to the entertainment outlet, the actor's attorneys gave it names of several other people who worked on "Death of a Salesman," but they "did not recall witnessing any of the conduct described by Rossetter and questioned her account."

Variety on Dec. 14 also published accounts from a woman named Melissa Kester who said Hoffman sexually assaulted her while recording audio for the 1987 film "Ishtar" and another unidentified woman working on the same movie who said the actor assaulted her in a car. A third woman, Cori Thomas, who said she was a classmate of Hoffman's daughter, told Variety she was 16 in 1980 when he exposed himself to her.

In a letter to Variety's owner, Hoffman's attorney called those latest accusations against him "defamatory falsehoods."

Jeremy Piven
Number of accusers: Multiple

Jeremy Piven attends the Emmy Awards in Los Angeles on Sept. 17, 2017.Mike Blake / Reuters
On Twitter, actress and reality television star Ariane Bellamar accused “Entourage” actor Jeremy Piven of groping her once on set, and again at the Playboy Mansion.

Bellamar claims that Piven grabbed her breasts without her consent after cornering her in his trailer on the “Entourage” set. Addressing the actor directly, Bellamar tweeted, “I tried to leave; you grabbed me by the ass, looked at yourself in the mirror [and] said what a ‘beautiful couple’ we made.” It is unclear whether she was referring to the set of the “Entourage” television series or its movie sequel.

Days later, actress Cassidy Freeman said in an Instagram post that Piven of making unwanted sexual advances toward her.

"I unequivocally deny the appalling allegations being peddled about me. It did not happen," Piven said in a statement. "It takes a great deal of courage for victims to come forward with their histories, and my hope is that the allegations about me that didn't happen, do not detract from stories that should be heard."

About a week later, Tiffany Bacon Scourby told People that Piven exposed himself, rubbed his genitals against her and ejaculated on her clothing in October 2003 in New York City. She said she told a longtime friend immediately after the alleged incident and People said the friend corroborated the allegation.

Piven did not immediately return a request for comment about Scourby's allegation.

Michael Oreskes
Number of accusers: 8

Former Associated Press Vice President and Senior Managing Editor Mike Oreskes in 2015. Chuck Zoeller / AP file
NPR news chief Michael Oreskes was ousted from his post on Nov. 1 after two women alleged he suddenly kissed them while discussing job prospects when he was The New York Times’ Washington bureau chief in the 1990s.

Since the original allegations were made public, 5 women at NPR have filed a formal harassment complaint against Oreskes, according to the Washington Post, bringing the number of accusers up to eight. The Post reported that the latest allegations occurred during the past three years.

Oreskes, who was placed on leave by NPR after The Post’s report, said he was deeply sorry to the people he hurt.

“My behavior was wrong and inexcusable, and I accept full responsibility,” he said.

Kevin Spacey
Number of accusers: Multiple

Kevin Spacey attends the Build Series to discuss his new play "Clarence Darrow" on May 24, 2017 in New York.Daniel Zuchnik / WireImage via Getty Images file
Broadway veteran Anthony Rapp accused “House of Cards” star Kevin Spacey of climbing on top of him in a sexual manner when he was 14 years old and Spacey was 26 or 27 at a party in Spacey’s New York apartment.

"I honestly do not remember the encounter, it would have been over 30 years ago," Spacey wrote in a statement on Twitter. "But if I did behave then as he describes, I owe him the sincerest apology for what would have been deeply inappropriate drunken behavior, and I am sorry for the feelings he describes having carried with him all these years."

Mexican actor Roberto Cavazos also accused Spacey of inappropriate touching during an encounter at the Old Vic theater in London, where Spacey served as artistic director from 2004 until 2015.

Spacey was later accused by eight people who currently or previously worked on the “House of Cards” set of creating a “toxic” work environment, CNN reported. Among those eight unnamed accusers, some also claimed the actor sexually harassed or assaulted them.

Harry Dreyfuss, an actor and son of Oscar winner Richard Dreyfuss, has accused Spacey of groping him in 2008. The younger Dreyfuss claimed in a Buzzfeed article that Spacey put his hand on his thigh and later groped his crotch when Dreyfuss was 18. Spacey "absolutely denies the allegations" from Dreyfuss, his lawyer Bryan Freedman told Buzzfeed.

Heather Unruh, a former television anchor, told reporters that Spacey bought her then 18-year-old son "drink after drink after drink" at a crowded restaurant in Nantucket, Massachusetts, in July 2016, and then "stuck his hand inside my son's pants and grabbed his genitals."

NBC News has not verified the allegations. Spacey's attorney did not respond to a request for comment.

Earlier, his representatives said in a statement that "Kevin Spacey is taking the time necessary to seek evaluation and treatment."

Mark Halperin
Number of accusers: 12

In this Aug. 11, 2016 file photo, author and producer Mark Halperin appears at the Showtime Critics Association summer press tour in Beverly Hills, Calif.Richard Shotwell / AP
NBC News ended its relationship with senior political analyst Mark Halperin after multiple reports surfaced that he sexually harassed at least a dozen women while serving as political director for ABC News.

“I am profoundly sorry for the pain and anguish I have caused by my past actions,” Halperin said in a statement on Twitter. “I apologize sincerely to the women I mistreated.”

Halperin, a veteran political journalist with multiple book deals and projects, has also seen HBO, Showtime and Penguin Press have ended their associations with him.

George H.W. Bush
Number of accusers: 7

Former President George H.W. Bush poses for a photo with the cast of AMC's series TURN on March, 29, 2014 in Houston.Aaron M. Sprecher / Invision for AMC
Seven women from separate incidents have come forward to accuse former President George H.W. Bush of touching them from behind while they posed beside him for photos. Some said he also told them a dirty joke.

Television actress Heather Lind was first to accuse the former president, and said in a now-deleted Instagram post that Bush inappropriately touched her during a 2014 screening of her AMC series, “TURN: Washington’s Spies,” in Houston. Lind appears alongside Bush, who’s seated in a wheelchair, while his wife, former First Lady Barbara Bush, was also present.

"At age 93, President Bush has been confined to a wheelchair for roughly five years, so his arm falls on the lower waist of people with whom he takes pictures," Bush spokesman Jim McGrath said in a statement. "To try to put people at ease, the president routinely tells the same joke — and on occasion, he has patted women's rears in what he intended to be a good-natured joke."

New York actress Jordana Grolnick also accused the former president of having inappropriately touched her in 2016. Author Christina Baker Kline said the incident involving Bush occurred in 2014, while Amanda Staples, a Republican candidate for Maine's Senate, said the touching occurred in 2006 and retired journalist Liz Allen said her incident happened in 2004.

A woman named Roslyn Corrigan told TIME that she was 16 in 2003 when Bush touched her from behind during a photo op. McGrath said in response that Bush "does not have it in his heart to knowingly cause anyone harm or distress."

In the latest accusation, a Michigan woman told CNN that Bush grabbed her during a photo-up in April 1992, while he was in office. "We got closer together for a family photo and it was like, 'Holy crap!' It was like a gentle squeeze," the unidentified woman told CNN.

Terry Richardson
Number of accusers: Multiple

Terry Richardson sits in the front row at New York Fashion Week in 2017.Swan Gallet / REX/Shutterstock via AP
Celebrity photographer Terry Richardson was banned from working with Condé Nast — the publisher of glossy magazines like Vogue, Glamour, GQ and Vanity Fair — after allegations surfaced of sexual misconduct during photo shoots.

“[Richardson] is an artist who has been known for his sexually explicit work so many of his professional interactions with subjects were sexual and explicit in nature, but all of the subjects of his work participated consensually,” a representative for Richardson said in a statement to E! News.

Leon Wieseltier
Number of accusers: Multiple

Leon Wieseltier poses for a photograph on June 9, 2013 in Tel Aviv, Israel.Dan Balilty / AP file
The benefactors of a new magazine set to be edited by Leon Wieseltier — a literary critic, former contributing editor for The Atlantic and a former New Republic editor — ended their business relationship with him after sexual harassment allegations surfaced, The New York Times reported. The Atlantic severed its ties with him on Oct. 27.

“For my offenses against some of my colleagues in the past I offer a shaken apology and ask for their forgiveness,” Wieseltier told The Times in an email. “The women with whom I worked are smart and good people. I am ashamed to know that I made any of them feel demeaned and disrespected. I assure them I will not waste this reckoning.”

James Toback
Number of accusers: At least 238

James Toback attends the New York premiere of the HBO documentary film "Night Will Fall" on Jan. 15, 2015 in New York City.Stephen Lovekin / Getty Images for HBO
More than 200 additional women contacted The Los Angeles Times in response to its initial investigation, in which 38 women described similar instances of sexual harassment from veteran Hollywood writer and director James Toback.

Toback has written or directed more than a dozen films, including “Tyson,” “The Pick-Up Artist” and “Bugsy,” for which he received an Oscar nomination.

Toback denied the allegations to The Times, saying that he had either never met his accusers or only did “for five minutes and have no recollection” of them. He also claimed it would have been “biologically impossible” for him to engage in the behavior the women described throughout the last 22 years, citing diabetes and a heart condition requiring medication.

John Besh
Number of accusers: Multiple

Chef John Besh attends a benefit in New York in 2015.Brad Barket / Invision via AP
Celebrity chef John Besh, a prominent fixture of the New Orleans culinary scene, stepped down from the company he founded after more than two dozen current and former members of the restaurant group alleged they were sexually harassed by various employees, including Besh, while working for the company.

Twenty-five women described a hostile work environment where female employees faced unwanted advances, sexually inappropriate comments and, in some cases, superiors attempting to leverage their authority in return for sex, according to an investigation by NOLA.com and the Times-Picayune. The accusers also said that women who complained about being harassed were punished or ignored.

Besh has been credited with helping to make New Orleans a culinary destination after Hurricane Katrina. He said in a statement that he had a “consensual relationship” with a member of his team two years ago.

“Since then I have been seeking to rebuild my marriage and come to terms with my reckless actions given the profound love I have for my wife, my boys and my Catholic faith,” he said in the statement. “I also regret any harm this may have caused to my second family at the restaurant group, and sincerely apologize to anyone past and present who has worked for me who found my behavior as unacceptable as I do.”

Bob Weinstein
Number of accusers: 1

Miramax co-founder Bob Weinstein appears at a premiere of "Sin City," in Los Angeles on March 28, 2005.Chris Pizzello / AP file
Five days after blasting his brother, Harvey Weinstein, as a “very sick man” and a “world class liar,” Bob Weinstein was accused of making repeated romantic advances to a showrunner and refusing to take no for an answer. It was first reported by Variety.

Amanda Segel, an executive producer of “The Mist,” a Weinstein Co. drama that aired on Spike TV, said Bob Weinstein began harassing her in the summer of 2016 by repeatedly asking her to join him for private dinners.

The harassment allegedly occurred on and off for about three months, until Segel’s lawyer informed Weinstein Co. executives that she would leave the show if Bob Weinstein continued to contact her for personal matters.

“Variety’s story about Bob Weinstein is riddled with false and misleading assertions by Ms. Segel and we have the emails to prove it,” Bert Fields, Bob Weinstein’s lawyer, said in part, adding: “There is no way in the world that Bob Weinstein is guilty of sexual harassment.”

Oliver Stone
Number of accusers: 1

Director Oliver Stone attends the premiere of the film "Snowden" in Manhattan, New York, U.S., Sept. 13.ANDREW KELLY / Reuters
Actress and former Playboy model Carrie Stevens accused writer and director Oliver Stone of groping her at a party during the 1990s in a tweet responding to Stone’s remarks about the Harvey Weinstein scandal.

“He was really cocky, had this big grin on his face like he was going to get away with something,” Stevens later told The New York Daily News, adding:

Stone has not responded publicly to Stevens’ allegation, but Stone’s initial response to the sexual misconduct accusations against Harvey Weinstein also caused controversy.

“It’s not easy what he’s going through,” Stone said. “I’m a believer that you wait until this thing gets to trial. I believe a man shouldn’t be condemned by a vigilante system.”

Roy Price
Number of accusers: 1

Roy Price, Director of Amazon Studios, poses during Amazon's premiere screening of the TV series "Transparent" at the Ace Hotel on September 15, 2014 in downtown Los Angeles.Kevork Djansezian / Reuters file
Roy Price, the Amazon Studios chief, resigned from his job after reports surfaced of his alleged sexual misconduct toward an Amazon TV producer, CNBC reported.

“The Man in the High Castle” producer Isa Hackett said she and Price had been promoting the show in 2015 at Comic-Con in San Diego when they wound up in a taxi together with another former Amazon executive, according to The Hollywood Reporter.

"We take seriously any questions about the conduct of our employees,” an Amazon spokesperson said in a statement to The Hollywood Reporter. “We encourage people to raise any concerns and we make it a priority to investigate and address them. Accordingly, we looked closely at this specific concern and addressed it directly with those involved.”

A spokesperson for Price declined to comment to The Hollywood Reporter.

Ben Affleck
Number of accusers: 2

Ben Affleck arrives at the premiere of Warner Bros Pictures' "The Accountant" on Oct. 10, 2016 in Hollywood, California.Gregg DeGuire / WireImage file
Hours after actor Ben Affleck released a statement condemning Harvey Weinstein’s alleged sexual misconduct, Affleck was accused of groping Hilarie Burton, an actress and former host of MTV’s “Total Request Live,” in the early 2000s.

“I was a kid,” Burton, now 35, said on Twitter. In a follow-up post, she included a video showing the uncensored “TRL” cold open in which she says, in apparent reference to Affleck, “He comes over and tweaks my left boob.”

“I acted inappropriately toward Ms. Burton and I sincerely apologize,” Affleck said on Twitter.

Makeup artist Annamarie Tendler also accused Affleck of inappropriately grabbing her during a 2014 party. “I would also love to get an apology from Ben Affleck who grabbed my ass at a Golden Globes party in 2014,” she said on Twitter, further describing the incident in follow-up posts.

Affleck told The Associated Press on Nov. 5 that he is “looking at my own behavior and addressing that and making sure I’m part of the solution.”

His spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

Nelly
Number of accusers: At least 3

Rapper Nelly performs during the kickoff of The Main Event tour on May 1, 2015 in Las Vegas.Ethan Miller / Getty Images file
As a civil lawsuit moves forward against the rapper Nelly for sexual assault and defamation, two more accusers have come forward against the entertainer, offering testimonies for the prosecution.

Nelly, 41, denies the allegations, saying on Twitter, "I am completely innocent. I am confident that once the facts are looked at, it will be very clear that I am the victim of a false allegation."

The civil lawsuit is based on a 911 call from Monique Greene, 21, who claimed she was raped on the rapper's tour bus near Seattle. Nelly was detained by police shortly after, but Greene has dropped criminal charges.

The allegations describe Nelly forcing one unnamed woman to perform fellatio, and put his hand up another unnamed woman's dress without consent.

Roman Polanski
Number of accusers: 5

Roman Polanski, director and admitted child rapist who fled his sentencing in 1979, has had a total of five women come forward against him accusing him of statutory rape.

The ages of the women range from 10 to 16 at the time when they were raped, and their accusation come at a time when the then-13-year-old sexual assault victim who he drugged and raped is still fighting to sentence and capture Polanski.

Samantha Geimer, 55, asked the Los Angeles Superior Court to dismiss the case or sentence Polanski to the time served in prison during a court-ordered evaluation since the process has lasted over 40 years.

Polanski, 84, has continued to win awards for his films in France, but was expelled in May from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

He has openly spoken on his attraction to young girls and teenagers, claiming proudly in one 1979 interview that wanting to have sex with young girls was something everyone wanted to do, and calls the #MeToo movement "hysteria."

Stephen Wynn
Number of accusers: Unclear

Casino mogul Steve Wynn attends a news conference in Medford, Massachusetts on March 15, 2016.Charles Krupa / AP file
Stephen Wynn was known best for his commanding presence in Las Vegas as a distinguished casino and hotel business, but is now added to the list of men under fire for past sexual misconduct allegations.

The accusations against Wynn, 76, in the Wall Street Journal report go back decades, including stories of a manicurist, an artistic director and others who recall Wynn forcing employees to perform sexual acts on him. The Journal interviewed 150 current and former employees of Wynn.

The manicurist was pressured to disrobe, and have sex with him on the massage table. After filing a human resources report and confiding with her coworkers, Wynn paid her a $7.5 million settlement, but denied the allegations. The Journal says this story is one of dozens.

Wynn has stepped down as the Republican National Committee's finance chairman, and has also resigned from his post as CEO of Wynn Resorts.

The report also sent Wynn Resorts shares plummeting and opened an investigation from the Massachusetts Gaming Commission on his casino in Boston prepared to open next year.

Robert "R." Kelly
Number of accusers: Multiple

R. Kelly performs at the BET Awards in Los Angeles on June 30, 2013.Frank Micelotta / Invision - AP file
R&B superstar R. Kelly has been accused of abuse, manipulation and sexual misconduct for almost 20 years, but two women have recently spoken out in the #MeToo era against what parents of these women have called a "cult."

Kelly has been accused by multiple women and their families of recent acts of sexual coercion and physical abuse, following repeated reports in the past of relationships with underage women and of producing child pornography.

Kitti Jones and Asante McGee recalled some of the controlling tactics Kelly used on "Today". "I had to wear sweatpants, I had to stand up when he would walk in a room," said Jones.

Jerhonda Pace came forward in late August last year for an investigative series by Buzzfeed into allegations against Kelly. She received a settlement deal from Kelly, requiring a non-disclosure agreement on his relationship with the then-16-year-old fan.

His management vehemently denies the recent allegations, telling NBC News that the accusations are "unjust and off-target."

Eric Schneiderman
Number of accusers: 4

New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman speaks at a news conference to announce the filing of a multi-state lawsuit to protect DACA recipients on Sep. 6, 2017 in New York City.Drew Angerer / Getty Images file
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman resigned from his position following an incendiary report from The New Yorker detailed accounts from four women who accused Schneiderman of nonconsensual, physical abuse.

Schneiderman has been a prominent political voice for the #MeToo movement against sexual harassment, who led the charge in filing a civil rights lawsuit against Harvey Weinstein. Fellow politicians and advocates expressed shock and disgust when the allegations surfaced, sparking an investigation by the Manhattan District Attorney's Office.

Schneiderman denies all allegations.

"In the last several hours, serious allegations, which I strongly contest, have been made against me," read a statement from Schneiderman. "While these allegations are unrelated to my professional conduct or the operations of the office, they will effectively prevent me from leading the office’s work at this critical time."

Two of the women, Michelle Manning Barish and Tanya Selvaratnam, who openly detailed their experiences of abuse described being "slapped hard across the ear and face," being choked, and spit on.

"This is a man who has staked his entire career, his personal narrative, on being a champion for women publicly," Selvaratnam told the New Yorker. "But he abuses them privately. He needs to be called out."

Harvey Weinstein
Number of accusers: More than 80

Harvey Weinstein speaks at the "Lion" press junket during the 12th Zurich Film Festival on Sept/ 22, 2016 in Zurich, Switzerland.Alexander Koerner / Getty Images file
Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein was fired from the studio he co-founded after a wave of employees and actresses, including Gwyneth Paltrow and Angelina Jolie, alleged sexual harassment and assault in explosive back-to-back reports in The New York Times and The New Yorker.

Asia Argento, an Italian actress who told The New Yorker she was sexually assaulted by Weinstein in 1997, tweeted a list of names of more than 80 women who had allegedly been sexually harassed, assaulted, raped or molested by Weinstein dating back to the late 1970s. Argento said she compiled the list with help from other Weinstein accusers.

Actress Paz de la Huerta accused the disgraced mogul of raping her in 2010, Vanity Fair reported.

Weinstein has denied all allegations that he engaged in non-consensual sex with women, and no criminal charges have been brought against him. “Any allegations of non-consensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr. Weinstein,” Weinstein’s spokeswoman, Sallie Hofmeister, said in a statement.

In a Dec. 13 op-ed in The New York Times, actress Salma Hayek accused Weinstein of threatening to shut down production of her movie, "Frida," unless she agreed to do a sex scene with another woman. Hayek also alleged Weinstein pursued her, made sexually suggestive and inappropriate comments and used his position to intimidate her and even threaten her life.

A spokesperson denied her claims and said the allegations "are not accurate and others who witnessed the events have a different account of what transpired."

Daniel Arkin, Chelsea Bailey, Erik Ortiz, Yelena Dzhanova, Kalhan Rosenblatt, Phil McCausland and Kiara Alfonseca contributed.
ABOUT
CONTACT
CAREERS
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF SERVICE
NBCNEWS.COM SITE MAP
ADVERTISE
© 2019 NBC UNIVERSAL



JOIN
Business After #MeToo: What's Changed and What Hasn't in the Business World
By Mona Bushnell, Business.com Writer | Last Modified May 20, 2019
Home > Human Resources > Managing
The #MeToo movement started in 2017 and ramped up through 2018. We examine the aftereffects the social justice movement has had on professionals everywhere, including small business owners and HR representatives.

Started by civil rights activist Tarana Burke, the #MeToo movement rocked the business world in 2018 and culminated in, according to The New York Times, 201 men getting fired and replaced. Of course, the majority were replaced by other men, not women, but at least action was taken. Unfortunately, movements are short-lived in the era of the 24-hour news cycle, and many of the men who were publicly accused of harassment are back in the workforce, while countless others were never disciplined at all.

We're taking stock of the effects of the #MeToo movement on workers everywhere, HR representatives and, of course, small businesses.

#MeToo inspiring people to speak out and organize
The most obvious positive outcome of the #MeToo movement has been the platform it's provided for people who face sexual harassment and violence. Discussing traumas, especially when speaking up can jeopardize employment, has always been a huge obstacle to resolving sexual harassment issues. The creation of a shorthand phrase (#MeToo) for such experiences has made it easier for people to share their struggles and connect with others who are in the same boat.

Activists and community organizers have mobilized around the hashtag, too, by creating new outreach organizations, taking to the streets in protest and drawing attention to existing support groups. Heal Me Too is one such organization, which provides people with resources for PTSD following sexual harassment or assault, and works with other outreach groups like RAINN, After Silence and PTSD Alliance.

Positive changes one year after #MeToo
Online movements are often criticized for being all bluster and no bite, but the effects of #MeToo appear to be going strong in real life. The Society for Human Resource Management did a follow-up survey of more than 18,000 workers and supervisors, which showed that 1 in 3 executives had changed their behavior in the workplace following #MeToo and that 72% of employees were "happy with their employer's efforts to stop sexual harassment."

Another follow-up study, based on Meltwater data and publicized by Bloomberg, charted the progress of the #MeToo campaign and posited that it had "created an opportunity for women in smaller, less-well-covered industries to speak up, find each other and effect change." The snowball effect of #MeToo publicity touched industries as varied as publishing, finance, entertainment and healthcare. While formal allegations of sexual harassment aren't new, it appears that the deluge of voices has had a real impact. According to the Bloomberg article, "For many, the past year has brought a reckoning, forcing accountability where social shame, nondisclosure agreements and sealed settlements had previously kept victims silent."

#MeToo criticism and backlash
Two steps forward and one step back tends to be the trend when it comes to civil rights issues, and #MeToo is no exception. The coverage of the #MeToo movement has been criticized extensively for being both too white and too male-dominated.

The #MeToo movement, though started by Tarana Burke, was popularized by actress Alyssa Milano and continued to be largely dominated by white actresses until press coverage began to push Burke back toward the spotlight. In a similar vein of erasure, the actual coverage of #MeToo was male-dominated as well. According to Vice, "The Women's Media Center found that during a 15-month period, 53% of sexual assault story bylines came from men." Another issue many have taken with the movement is its focus on individuals rather than overarching patterns of sexual harassment and the abuse of power.

The other, perhaps not entirely unexpected, result of the #MeToo movement has come in the form of male fear – or, to be more precise, the fear that some men in power feel now that their power is slightly less omnipotent than it was before. The New York Times covered this well by interviewing men at the World Economic Forum, many of whom were so scared of being accused of harassment, they said they would no longer be mentoring women. According to the article, "companies seeking to minimize the risk of sexual harassment or misconduct appear to be simply minimizing contact between female employees and senior male executives, effectively depriving the women of valuable mentorship and exposure."

Independent surveys confirm that this is an actual trend and not restricted to the apparently skittish attendees of the World Economic Forum. According to Lean In's survey, the number of male managers who are uncomfortable working alone with women has doubled; the number of male managers uncomfortable with mentoring women has tripled; and about half of male managers are afraid to work, mentor, or socialize with women on their team one-on-one. There have also been reports from the female side, with some professional women reporting difficulties getting their male peers to meet with them out of fear that they will be accused of sexual harassment for no reason.

HR trends in a post-#MeToo world  
For human resources professionals, the #MeToo movement has been a long time coming. Following the waves of #MeToo in 2017 and 2018, there was an uptick in reports of sexual harassment in the workplace. HR Acuity delved into the details in #MeToo in the Workplace: A Special Report, which revealed that "Fifty-three percent of businesses reported that after #MeToo began in 2017, their reported sexual harassment cases went up. Only 4% saw a decrease." HR Acuity also reported that 55% of companies surveyed were in the process of revising their policies on reporting and responding to sexual harassment, while 72% of employees "have either received new training or will receive training within the next year."

Small business reactions to the #MeToo movement
While examining broad trends regarding sexual harassment in the workplace is important, we also wanted to get feedback from real-world small business owners and HR representatives to find out their take. Here's what some of our readers had to say:

Midge Seltzer, co-founder and executive vice president of Engage PEO, said, "Engage PEO's approach to preventing harassment in the workplace has been consistent before and after the #MeToo movement, because best practices are just that – best practices to keep the workplace free from harassment. This prevention includes looking to leadership to lead the prevention efforts and help to create a zero-tolerance culture, regular training and communication to ensure awareness and understanding, strong anti-harassment policies, reliable complaint and investigation measures, and more."

Gargi Rajan, assistant general manager HR of Mercer-Mettl, told us, "[The] #MeToo movement has become a mandate, bolstering the sexual harassment policies at the workplace to a massive extent. A lot of emphasis is now placed on how hiring is done, what kind of people are brought inside the organization, and to give positions of power to people after their thorough background check and validation. This movement has pushed the use of dark personality traits inventory and tests in the spotlight to a huge level."

Joni Holderman, founder of Thrive! Resumes, said, "As a former HR exec, the biggest change I've seen is that male executives and managers are now listening to what we as HR executives have been telling them since the 1990s […] The only thing that's surprising for a lot of longtime HR execs like myself is that it took this long for many senior executives to start practicing the policies that we've been preaching to midlevel managers in most industries for 30 years."  

Resources
If you are dealing with sexual harassment in the workplace, as an employee or an HR professional, please seek out resources. If you are a victim of domestic violence or sexual abuse, reach out for help now.

	
Mona Bushnell
Mona Bushnell is a New York City-based staff writer for Business.com and Business News Daily. She has a Bachelor of Arts in writing, literature, and publishing from Emerson College and previously worked as an IT technician, copywriter, software administrator, scheduling manager, and editorial writer. Mona began freelance writing full time in 2014 and joined Business News Daily in 2017. She covers business technology and reviews CRM systems.


Like this article?
 
Sign up for more great content.


Be part of Business.com

Already a member? Sign in.
We'd love to hear your voice! Login to comment.
Login
Sign up
Resources
Expert Advice
Expert Search
Community
Contribute Content
Latest Content
Sitemap
Our Company
About Us
Advertise With Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright Policy
Advertising Disclosure
Ad Guidelines
Our Brands
Business News Daily
BuyerZone
200 Fifth Avenue, Second Floor 
Waltham, MA 02451 
888.393.5000 
customercare@business.com
©2019 Business.com
All Rights Reserved.
This site is made available for educational purposes only as well as to give you general information about business practices and strategy, not to provide specific business advice. Information provided on the Business.com website should not be used as a substitute for legal, accounting, real estate, business, tax, or other types of professional advice.